Over the next few days, Sophie showed Jason Lombard how efficient and effective she could be as his personal assistant. Collecting and collating the travel data for the Bora Bora operation was a snap for her, and she knew precisely how to cut administrative red tape when it came to getting visas. With the quick adaptability learnt from taking up many temporary jobs, mastering the office system didn't present any problems to her. The one problem she did have was with the rest of the staff.

Everyone did a double take on meeting her. Asso¬ciates and their secretaries alike stared incredulously at her hair as though she were some freak from a cir-cus. Sophie's patience was sorely tried before she could get them to concentrate on the business in hand. She resorted to using Mr. Lombard's name frequently and emphatically to focus attention on what needed to be done.

What annoyed her most was that Jason Lombard seemed to have developed a fixation on her hair, as well. Every time she proved herself capable of deliv-ering whatever he asked of her, brightly, correctly and with all his unwritten rules religiously adhered to, he frowned at her hair as though she were deliberately using a flaming helmet to camouflage a creditable brain.

He did it once too often on Friday afternoon.

"It's really brown," Sophie said, when he looked at her hair instead of being properly impressed by the prodigious amount of work she had completed for him.

He lowered a blank uncomprehending gaze to hers.

"I was a model for a hairdressing competition last Sunday. That's why it's like this," Sophie explained. "It would damage my hair if I had it stripped. So I can't change it back from red for another five weeks."

"By then it won't matter," he muttered, and dropped his gaze to the sheaf of perfectly typed pages she had delivered to him.

Sophie wasn't sure what he meant by that remark, but she didn't like the sound of it. She took a deep breath, marched around to his side of the desk and jabbed a finger past his nose and onto the printed pages.

"This is what I expect to be assessed on, Mr. Lom¬bard. Not the colour or style of my hair. Which, I might add, won the competition. However, since you're only a man, I understand that this is a field of creative art you may not be readily comfortable with."

He rocked back in his chair and glowered at her. "It is very bright, Miss Melville. And distracting."

"'What would you like me to do? Stuff my hair un¬der a wig or a scarf for the duration? Wear a nun's veil in keeping with the vow of silence? Dress in pur-dah?" Her eyes glittered their challenge, even as she smiled brightly to show how even-tempered she was about it.

He grimaced. "Let us not move from one extreme to another, Miss Melville. Undoubtedly there will be a termination date."

Which sounded very ominous, Sophie thought. This prompted her to do something she had not been in¬vited to do. She swept back to her own office, then headed straight for the filing room to see if there was a Sullivan dossier. It might not be business that she needed to know, but it was her solution to the Sulli¬van wrangle that had got her the job in the first place, and Sophie had the feeling she was better off if she stayed six steps ahead of Jason Lombard.

There certainly was a Sullivan file. Scanning quickly through the papers, she discovered that Jason Lom¬bard had been as thick as thieves with both Gail and Randy since they had married. He had done all their legal work for them. She wondered if the close asso¬ciation had sparked the passion that had once existed between Gail and himself. Was he the figure behind the scenes, causing or manipulating the drive towards the divorce court?

"Can I help you, Miss Melville?"

Sophie started guiltily. Jason Lombard was in the narrow aisle behind her, blocking any exit. "Merely doing some homework so I'm prepared for anything,

Mr. Lombard," she answered glibly, doing her best to cover up the fact that he had caught her red-handed.

"I was looking for you. You weren't in your of¬fice," he said, moving forward to confirm his suspi¬cions. "I didn't realise you had a passion for prying."

Sophie breathed an exaggerated sigh of resigna¬tion. "Another rule. No prying. Even though it might help my boss."

She jammed the file into its slot in the cabinet drawer and was about to slam it shut when a strong hand reached around her and grasped the top edge of the drawer, preventing any closure.

"Not so fast, Miss Melville," he breathed in her ear, and Sophie froze as he leaned past her. "You were looking at the Sullivan file."

"I have a right to know," she pleaded in excuse. "Doesn't my job depend on the successful outcome of this case?"

She whirled around to defend herself more vigor¬ously, inadvertently knocking the drawer, which promptly slid shut, momentarily unbalancing him. He took a step forward, instinctively trying to recover. The result was cataclysmic.

Sophie found herself crushed against him, thigh to Thigh stomach to stomach, her breasts plastered to the hard wall of his chest. She had an instant and overwhelming awareness of  muscularity. She also had an instant and overwhelming desire to stay presently where she was. Something deeply biological whispered that this was her man and he felt very right to her.

She looked up, instinctively seeking some sign that he felt the same. She had no idea what showed on her face, but her mind was very busily registering the strange thrills running up and down her legs from the powerful pressure of his, and the funny empty feeling in her stomach that yearned for something more than food, and the explosion of sensitivity in her breasts.

There seemed to be some inner conflict warring in his eyes, but the instant they caught her gaze on him, the flickering expressions fused into a clear, focussed intensity that sent a delicious shiver down Sophie's spine. The light in the silvery grey eyes was searingly primitive, arrogantly male, wanting to take, to know, to have. She felt his hands on her hips, the warmth of his palms spreading over the outward curves from her narrow waist. There was an unmistakable stirring in his loins. The tip of his tongue swept over his lips in sensual suggestiveness.

Sophie tilted her head back, inviting the kiss that had to be coming. His gaze dropped to her mouth. It was definitely coming, Sophie thought, breathing in with exultant satisfaction. Her lips parted in antici¬pation. Her every nerve was aquiver with anticipa¬tion as she closed her eyes.

"Mr. Lombard, are you in here?" The crisp ques¬tion was followed by a shocked, "Oh!"

Sophie's eyes flew open. Her head jerked towards the source of the mood-shattering interruption. Cheryl Hughes, the receptionist, was standing at the head of the aisle between the filing cabinets, her mouth open in surprise, her eyes agog, her whole face a flood of confusion.

"I, er, I'm sorry to disturb you, sir," Cheryl floun¬dered, then finished in an agitated rush. "But Miss Carstairs has arrived and is demanding to see you."

Without waiting for a reply, she turned on her heel and hastened from the room, decisively closing the door behind her.

The swiftness with which Jason Lombard disen¬gaged himself from Sophie, and the appalled look on his face, immediately incited a need to defend herself.

"You've ruined my reputation," she cried.

"What have you done to mine?" he counter accused.

The discomfort he was suffering from thwarted de¬sire was all too evident. "I'm going back to my of¬fice," she said, and tactfully left him to adjust himself before he had to face the demanding Miss Carstairs.
It was clear to Sophie that while Jason Lombard felt the same physical attraction she did, he was fighting any idea of becoming personally involved with her. Whether this was for professional or private reasons, she did not know. The only absolute certainty was that the time to consolidate her position with him had a point that he might be reconsidering right

But he couldn't fire her before the Tahiti trip, Sophie assured herself. She was safely entrenched in the job until after that, because he had promised to give her a month's trial. And who knew what might hap¬pen in Tahiti, despite Gail Sullivan's presence there?

Sophie did not need to go through the reception area to reach her office, but she was, after all, Jason Lom¬bard's personal assistant, and she saw no reason she shouldn't greet the untimely visitor on his behalf and soothe Miss Carstairs's impatience. Apart from which, Sophie wanted to size up the woman who had caused such a rude interruption to an extremely promising moment.

She was a blonde who oozed sophistication from the top of her silky head to her stylish Italian shoes. She had the tall, slim body that dress designers preferred for showing off their clothes, and Miss Carstairs was showing off a white silk suit that had undoubtedly cost her a mint. She was also showing off less than lady¬like manners as she looked Sophie up and down.

"Dear God! What have we here?" she sneered, her eyes scorning the flaming glory of Sophie's hair.

It was too much! Sophie's voice dripped ice as she retorted, "I was about to inquire that of you, Miss Carstairs."

Cheryl Hughes swiftly inserted some saving grace into a potentially explosive moment. "Miss Melville is Mr. Lombard's new personal assistant, Miss Car-stairs."

The blonde's eyes widened, then rolled to the re¬ceptionist. "You've got to be joking!" Then she looked at Sophie and poured forth a peal of derisive laughter. "Jason hired that as his right hand?" she shrieked. "Has he given her a broomstick yet?"

"Have you had any teeth knocked out lately, Miss Carstairs?" Sophie asked gratingly, her even temper shattering under the pressure of open insults. "Would you like a black eye? Or would you rather have coffee while you're waiting? Milk, sugar or arsenic?"

"That's enough, Miss Melville!" Jason Lombard's voice lashed out. "Evonne, would you please come into my office?"

Sophie whirled on him, her eyes flashing blue dag¬ger points. "Will you be wanting me, as well, Mr. Lombard? Take notes? Act as a witness?"

"Jason, darling, your tie's all awry," the blonde purred, slinking forward to insinuate herself between Sophie and her boss. "Whatever have you been up to?"

He irritably prevented her from straightening his tie and took her arm to steer her forcibly into his office. "Let's get to whatever business brought you here, Evonne," he rasped. His eyes glittered at Sophie. "I won't be needing you any more today, Miss Melville. You may go home early."

"Don't forget your pointy hat," the blonde trilled, and broke into more peals of laughter as Jason Lom¬bard effected her removal from the reception area.

Sophie clenched her hands in seething fury, not only at the blonde's rude mockery, but at Jason Lom¬bard's dismissal of her in favour of his darling Miss Carstairs.


"Don't take any notice of her. She's a bitch."

Cheryl Hughes's sympathetic comment surprised Sophie into spinning around. The receptionist gave her a rueful smile. It was the first friendly gesture Sophie had received from any of the staff.

"You don’t think I look like a witch?" Sophie asked with a self-deprecating grimace.

Cheryl's smile stretched into a grin. "I think your hair is fantastic." She touched her own ash-brown conservative style. "I've been wondering all week what it must be like to be so daring. I'd love to change mine to something wild." Her eyes sparkled with a sense of adventure. "If I ever pluck up enough cour¬age to do it, I'll ask you for the name of your hair¬dresser."

Sophie shook her head in amazement. "I had the impression that everyone here thought I was freak¬ish."

"Just surprised that Mr. Lombard chose you," Cheryl explained. She nodded towards the closed door. "He usually likes to have sleek-looking women around him. She's typical of his taste." Cheryl wrinkled her nose. "Rich bitch! Thinks she can swan it over everybody."

"How long has she been an item in his life?" So¬phie asked, hating the thought that Jason Lombard might be seriously attached to such a poisonous woman.

"A few months. Long enough to start thinking she owns him." Her eyes flashed teasingly at Sophie. "But maybe you're teaching him different."

Sophie blushed. "I think we'd both better forget about that, Cheryl. Sheer aberration on his part."

Cheryl rolled her eyes and drew a finger across her throat. "My lips are sealed."

Sophie couldn't help smiling at the explicit gesture. "Me, too," she said, feeling that at least she had one friendly ally. "The hairdressing salon you want is called The Cutting Point. Ask for Mia."

"That's the same place Mr. Lombard's mother rec¬ommended to me," Cheryl cried excitedly. "They do super things with her hair, too. She came in last Fri-day with an apricot base and blonde streaks. It looked great!"
Sophie had the sudden feeling that the earth was shifting under her feet. Her sympathetic listener at the salon fitted that description, but surely her name had been Whitten or something like that. "I don't think I could have met her there," she said. "I would have remembered a Mrs. Lombard."

"It's Mrs. Whitlow. She's been married twice," Cheryl explained offhandedly. "Anyhow, that really makes up my mind. I'm going to call for an appoint¬ment and take the plunge."

"Good luck!" Sophie said weakly, her worst sus¬picions confirmed.

She walked to her office in a daze. The correction letter, granting her an interview, had been sent after she had blurted out all her woes to Jason Lombard's mother. The interview itself took on an entirely new light.

Quite apart from Jason Lombard's shocked reac¬tion to her hair, she had felt he harboured an inbuilt resistance to giving her a chance. The way he had played with his darts indicated a flippant approach to passing the set fifteen minutes with her. Nothing se¬rious. Simply going through the motions until she had challenged him into seriousness.

But she had earned a chance at the job, Sophie as¬sured herself with stubborn pride. And she was prov¬ing herself capable of it. More than capable. He could not deny that. She would fight to keep this job every inch of the way. By the end of the month he would have to admit she was irreplaceable.

Since she had been granted an early leave, Sophie only had to clear her desk and pick up her handbag, but the moment she entered her office, Evonne Carstairs's voice checked all further movement. Jason Lombard had left open the connecting door between their offices when he had come looking for her ear¬lier.

"What on earth possessed you to choose her, Ja¬son?" the insidiously silky voice lilted. "She'll make a laughing-stock of you with everyone who counts."

Superficial snob, Sophie seethed.

"She's part of my mother's present crusade for the unemployed. I promised to give her a chance," came the dismissive reply.

Sophie fiercely wished he had kept that piece of in¬formation to himself, however true it was. It left her open to further put-downs from the catty Miss Car-stairs. Who didn't miss the opportunity handed to her.
"Well, that's stretching charity to its outermost limits," the rich bitch mocked. "You can't possibly intend to keep her, darling."

He gave a harsh, self-derisive laugh. "No. I don't intend to keep her beyond the month's trial. She's driving me out of my mind as it is."

Something tight and painful clamped around So¬phie's heart.

"Then why hold on that long?"

"Because she serves a purpose for which she is per¬fect."

"Business?"

"What else? I want her as a distraction in a little scheme I have in hand. So keep your claws off, Evonne. I'm not amused by interference in my busi¬ness."

The cold, calculating bastard! He deserved a nasty bitch like Evonne Carstairs! They deserved each other!

In grim fury, Sophie stalked over to her desk, snatched up her handbag, then marched straight into Jason Lombard's office to confront her two detrac¬tors.

It was a cosy little scene with Jason Lombard half inclined in his swinging leather chair and Evonne Carstairs propped on the desk beside him, playfully running her fingernails over his hand. Sophie's entrance startled them out of their self-satisfied con¬templation of each other.

"You should close doors before discussing another person behind her back, Mr. Lombard," Sophie fired at him, then swept a blazing look of contempt over both of them. "The way you and Miss Carstairs were talking about me goes beyond the pale of good man¬ners. It shows a callous lack of consideration for the feelings of another human being."

She gave them no time for a reply. Her gaze fas¬tened bitterly on the man who had seemed so right for her. "I'll be out of your hair now, Mr. Lombard. Out of your mind. Out of your life. And out of your schemes."

She tossed her head high, and with all the defiant dignity of a queen scorning unworthy criticism, she crossed the room to the door that opened into the re-ception area.

"What a scheming little minx!" Evonne Carstairs shot at Sophie's back. "She must have opened the door herself to eavesdrop."
"Miss Melville!"

Sophie ignored the commanding crack of Jason Lombard's voice, ignored the clatter of movement that suggested he'd sprung up from his chair. Her hand closed around the doorknob, turned it, pulled.

"Miss Melville—Sophie, please wait!"

"Oh, for God's sake, Jason! Let her go! Good rid¬dance!"

It was the jeer in Evonne Carstairs's voice that goaded Sophie into swinging around in the doorway. Her eyes shot a last bolt of blue lightning at Jason Lombard, who had belittled her to such a mean woman. How dared he condescend to call her Sophie now!

"Too late, Mr. Lombard," she hurled at him. "You preached discretion and have just practised the nasti¬est of all indiscretions. You insisted on a vow of si-lence, but let your own tongue loose with a woman so ill-bred that your judgement is contemptible. Anyone who thinks the colour and style of a woman's hair are more important than her character is far too blind and shallow to be worth working for. I gave you all you demanded in a personal assistant. And you cannot even treat me with respect."

Tears pricked at her eyes. She felt a drop form and start trickling down her right cheek. She swung away, mortified at showing any sign of distress. She stepped out into the reception room, driven now to put this place and everyone in it behind her.

Cheryl Hughes was on her feet behind the recep¬tion desk, her attention galvanised by the scene she was witnessing. Other staff members had trailed into the corridor, drawn by the raised voices. Sophie's exit from the reception area was blocked by a middle-aged woman with apricot hair who clapped her hands in admiration.

"Oh, well said! What a splendidly spirited girl!"

"Miss Melville!" Jason Lombard thundered from his doorway.

"Jason! Forget the stupid little upstart," Evonne Carstairs cried in exasperation. 

"Shut up, Evonne!" 

"Really, Jason!" 

"Oh, go to hell! Sophie..." 
"I think he wants to apologise, dear," Sophie's ad¬mirer said, urging a pause for redress to be made.

"It's too late," Sophie choked out, shaking her head at the sympathetic lady who had brought her into all this in the first place.

Then Jason Lombard was beside her, making his own appeal for forbearance. "We need to talk this out," he said gravely.

"There's nothing more to say," Sophie insisted, her voice wobbling with the weight of a thousand disap¬pointed hopes. 

"I think there is."

"No." She forced herself to look up at him one last time, the pain he had given her and pride in her own worth mixing through a luminous film of tears. "I admired you... I respected you—" no need to tell him she had been close to falling in love with him "—and all you saw in me was someone to use... meanly, Mr. Lombard." 

"I'm sorry." 

"It hurts." 
"I truly am sorry."

Sophie shook her head. Impossible to accept that as genuine after what she'd heard him say. "You set out to hurt me with deliberate premeditation." 

"I thought I was doing you a favour." 

"You weren't. Goodbye, Mr. Lombard." She walked away from him, and kept on walking this time. An elevator was providentially waiting at the top floor. It zoomed her down to the world of the un¬employed.

She told herself she didn't care. She didn't care about the flood of tears that kept choking her, either. She had a right to cry if she wanted to. The unem-ployed were free to weep. Any time they liked.
