Sophie clenched her hands as the receptionist continued to stare at her hair.

"Sophie Melville," she repeated in a small, tight voice. "For an interview with Mr. Lombard. I have a letter of confirmation___"

The receptionist finally wrenched her gaze down. "Miss Melville," she echoed distractedly, checking the appointment list. There were eight names on it, So-phie noted, as she watched the receptionist's pen run slowly down to the last of them. "Yes. You're here. If you'll take a seat..." She nodded to where four women were already waiting.

"Thank you," said Sophie with heartfelt relief. The letter had not been some mistake. She was definitely expected for an interview. The miracle of a second chance was indeed a reality.

She swung around and met four similar stares, all glued to her hair. Sophie flashed a false bright smile at the women who were undoubtedly competing for the same plum job. Her smile was not returned. They looked away dismissively, certain this newcomer could not possibly be any threat to their chances.

Sophie sat down, fighting an abject wave of de¬spair. Maybe Jason Lombard liked red hair. It might not count against her at all. She had to keep thinking positively, settle her nerves, prepare the answers that would make him see her in the light of a very useful person to have at his side. Surely that was the most important consideration.

But she had the sinking feeling luck was against her. It was a cruel turn of fate that Jason Lombard's sec¬retary had slipped up in sending her the initial rejec-tion letter. If the correct one had arrived on Friday morning, she never would have agreed to being Mia's model for the hairdressing competition. Her hair would still be an ordinary brown and she could have wound it into a professional-looking topknot.

It was the sense of no-one wanting her as she was that had made her susceptible to throwing her cap over the windmill, so to speak. After the mail had come on Friday, she truly hadn't cared what wild experiment 

Mia wanted to try with her hair. Anything was better than moping over the series of choices that had inad¬vertently led to her unemployable status. Not that she regretted the experience of seeing all she could of the other side of the world, but all those different jobs hardly made her look like a stable person. Neither did the colour of her hair!

While she couldn't begrudge Mia the first prize she had won, no-one in his or her right mind would imag¬ine this vivid flame was natural. The technical term for it, Mia had told her, was dark blonde with a copper red reflect. The result was positively iridescent, high¬lighted by the thickly layered concoction of ringlets cut into a wild sunburst effect. The judges of the compe¬tition had declared Mia's bold creation "fantastic," and they were dead right. It was so fantastic it turned heads everywhere.

Which might have been fine if Sophie were being interviewed for a secretarial position in a modelling agency, but Jason Lombard was a lawyer, and law¬yers were notoriously conservative. Sophie did her best to console herself with the thought that Jason Lom¬bard was not an ordinary lawyer.

Many of his clients were flamboyant people, top golfers and tennis stars and the more durable person¬alities in television and radio. He couldn't possibly be like the stuffy men in the firm of lawyers where she had once worked. He wasn't part of the legal estab¬lishment that revolved around the courts, either. He had a reputation of settling in his clients' best inter¬ests without recourse to the judicial system. Which saved everyone a lot of money.

And undoubtedly earned him a lot, Sophie thought, her gaze wandering around the professional elegance of the reception room. Lombard and Associates oc-cupied the whole top floor of this prestigious office building, right in the heart of the business sector of North Sydney. With its sweeping views over the har-bour and the city, such a position had to cost a pretty penny.

There was no expense spared on furnishings, ei¬ther. Thick grey carpet, black leather armchairs, lithographs on the wall in black frames, chrome and glass tables, potted plants displaying a lush growth of greenery... Everything quiet and restrained, Sophie realised, her stomach knotting up again. There was not one splash of bright colour anywhere!

It didn't mean Jason Lombard didn't have a per¬sonal leaning towards vivid colours, Sophie hastily assured herself. A reception room was for the benefit of other people, and it had probably been designed by an interior decorator specifically to ease unquiet minds. For all she knew, Jason Lombard could har-bour a private passion for red.

Sophie surreptitiously appraised her competitors. They all had one thing in common. A quiet appear¬ance. Professional suits, black or grey. Soft blouses, cream, white, dusty pink. One natural blonde and three natural brunettes. Stylish haircuts, easily main¬tained. Subtle make-up. Silver or gold jewellery.

Well, she certainly stood out from the crowd, So¬phie thought, determinedly making that a positive thought. The brightness of her hair had demanded a matching flame lipstick, and then she had been forced to emphasise her blue eyes to balance her royal blue suit. Unlike the black and grey suits, which seemed designed to minimise femininity, Sophie's suit faith¬fully hugged the hourglass curves of her figure and did not allow for a blouse at all. Nevertheless, it was a good linen suit and there was no reason for her to feel self-conscious in it.

She was sure she was capable of handling the job. That was the main thing. The trick was to convince Jason Lombard she was the best. Her mind was very busy running through possibilities as she waited for her turn to impress.

He gave each woman exactly fifteen minutes, So¬phie noted. She could read neither failure nor tri¬umph on their faces as they emerged from their interviews. Their composure was enviable. Sophie knew it was going to be hard to match it. If she didn't clinch this job, she had nothing to fall back on. Yet she could not afford to reveal her inner desperation. Des¬perate people didn't get hired for positions that re¬quired unflappable poise and self-control.

No-one else joined the group during the hour she waited, so there must have been other interviews be¬fore she arrived, Sophie reasoned. That matched with the three names that had been ticked off at the top of the receptionist's list. She was the last candidate.

Lucky last, she fiercely recited to herself when she finally took the fateful walk into the presence of the man who would inevitably brighten or darken her fu-ture. She was concentrating so hard on all the an¬swers she had prepared she momentarily forgot about her hair.

Until he stared at it.

He was standing beside his desk, ready to extend a courteous greeting, but good manners deserted him in the face of Sophie's flaming sunburst of ringlets. It wasn't simply a matter of him looking stunned for a second or two. He stared so long a glazed look came into his eyes. .

"Dear God! What have we here?" he murmured.

Sophie's bravely constructed composure was shot to pieces. Her nerves jangled into painful knots. Her heart cramped, then pumped overtime, pouring a wave of heat up her neck to suffuse her cheeks with a burning brightness that undoubtedly matched her hair. Her mind wilted into limp defeat before a word was uttered. Only a spark of pride remained, urging her to do something, anything, to persuade him into a reap¬praisal.

"Mr. Lombard—" she forced from her throat that had gone as dry as bleached bones "—you've just made a snap judgement about me. You don't believe I'm suitable for the position you advertised. I'm go¬ing to prove that judgement wrong. I want you to start reassessing now. Give me any test you like and I'll pass it. I'm fast, efficient and effective."
It was amazing what desperation could do when unleashed. Sophie had no idea where those words had come from, but they succeeded in focussing Jason Lombard's eyes on hers.

His mouth slowly quirked into a derisive little smile. "Miss... Melville."
The pause in between the pronouncement of her name was dreadful, as though he had forgotten it, or wanted to forget it. Sophie thought she might as well walk out now for all the hope she had of getting the job, but a wave of stubbornness insisted she hold her ground, at least for the same amount of time that had been allotted to the others.

"I'm sure you're a busy person, Mr. Lombard. So am I," she lied without batting an eyelash. "You must have a list of questions and a set of answers, against which you will match my replies. It will be much more straightforward if you simply tell me your require¬ments and I'll give you my rating on them."

That raised his eyebrows.

Sophie brazened out his surprise with her brightest smile. "Shall we sit down and get on with it?"

Without waiting for his reply she walked over to the chair obviously set in front of his desk for the inter¬viewees. Having seated herself with all the poise she could muster, she met his riveted gaze with a chal¬lenging lift of her eyebrows. He gave a bemused shake of his head, then walked slowly around his desk and settled himself in the high-backed leather chair that spelled out who was the boss.

It gave Sophie a few moments to make her ap¬praisal of him. Jason Lombard was much younger than she had anticipated, or perhaps he only looked younger. Between thirty and forty was a grey area for men, and sometimes their prime could last to forty-five before the aging process caught up with them. This man was definitely in his prime.

He was tall and broad-shouldered enough to lend an impressive elegance to the superbly tailored three-piece suit he wore. Definitely a European style, probably French or Italian. The fabric had the sheen of some expensive silk mixture. Very classy. The silvery-grey colour matched his silvery-grey eyes, but there were no silvery-grey strands in his jet-black hair yet. He was quite handsome in a mature way. Good bones, So¬phie decided. He could be very attractive if he had a nice smile.

He didn't smile.

He opened a wooden box on his desk, removed a set of darts, swiveled his chair around to face the wall and started hurling the darts at the dartboard that hung there. "Have you ever hit a bulls eye, Miss Mel¬ville?" he asked.

“Frequently. High distinction in darts, Mr. Lom¬bard," she replied pertly, determined not to let him throw her with any diversionary tactics he might em-ploy.

"Blast! Missed again," he muttered. None of the darts were even close to the bulls eye. He swung to face her, some private amusement lurking in his eyes. "All right, Miss Melville. We'll conduct the interview your way."

Her brash boldness had paid off, Sophie thought, much encouraged.

"Let's commence with temperament," he contin¬ued. "I need someone who'll remain bright and even-tempered. I can't stand surly moody people who brood over imagined slights or bring their personal troubles to work with them."

"Mr. Lombard, I shall scintillate through your day. You could not find anyone brighter."

He looked at her hair, passed a hand over his eyes, rose from his chair and collected the darts from the board. He had an evil glint in his eyes when he swung around to return to his chair. "What about female problems?" he asked silkily.

A trick question, Sophie thought. If she didn't ad¬mit to them he might accuse her of being unfeminine. If she did admit to them, he might exaggerate them into something he could hold against her.

His face wore an air of satisfaction as though he was certain he had her cornered. It was perfectly plain to Sophie that no matter what she said or did, Jason Lombard did not want to give her this job. To give herself a chance, she had to pull out all the stops.

She waited until he resumed his seat, then leaned forward, placed her forearm on his desk and lowered her voice to draw him towards her. 

"Can we be truly confidential, Mr. Lombard?"

He leaned forward in ready response. "By all means," he agreed.

She edged closer to him, lowered her voice even further. "I'll control my female problems if you'll control your male problems."
“Really?" He displayed an eagerness to hear more, his face almost meeting hers. He wasn't easily fazed, Sophie thought. "To what male problems do you re-fer?" he asked, eyeballing her with avid interest.

Sophie eyeballed him right back. "Men who think themselves irresistible, powerful and prestigious," she whispered with husky suggestiveness. "Men who be¬lieve they have the divine right of kings for the laying on of hands. Men who see a woman's body as a play¬ground especially designed for their pleasure. Does that get across the problems I mean, Mr. Lombard?"

"Interesting," he breathed, then rocked back in his chair looking pole axed. "I'll try for a triple twenty," he muttered, swiveling his seat ninety degrees.

He hurled a dart, which traveled end over end, hit the board fin first and clattered to the floor. He was the worst dart player Sophie had ever seen.

"Missed again," he said. He appeared quite glum for a moment, but when he turned to her he had a bright, scheming look on his face. "You asked for a test. I'll give you a test."

Sophie's heart sank. He was sure to ask for the im¬possible. Something like reciting back ten telephone numbers, or typing two hundred and fifty words a minute into a computer, or spelling that awful Latin legal terminology that lawyers were so fond of.

His eyes noted her momentary discomfiture and gleamed with rich satisfaction. "The Sullivan wran¬gle," he said. "Give me your considered opinion of its present position."

Relief surged through Sophie. The scandalous Sul¬livan affair had been thoroughly discussed at the hairdressing salon on Friday. There was absolutely nothing that she didn't know about it. "Blood on the floor," she tossed back at her inquisitor with supreme confidence.

The dart he held poised in his hand, ready to throw, was not given flight. He swung to face her, his hand thumping on the desk and inadvertently driving the steel point of the dart through the leather writing pad and into the wood beneath.

"You've ruined your dart," she said, feeling enor¬mously pleased with herself. She must have hit a nerve.

He ruefully removed the dart and threw it noncha¬lantly halfway across the room into a wastepaper bas¬ket. It went in. Which had to be a fluke, Sophie reasoned. He couldn't have done it if he'd really tried.

"Now," he said. "What do you mean, blood on the floor?"

Sophie recited the consensus reached by the hair¬dressers and their patrons. "The Sullivans don't want to settle. The original problem's been forgotten. They're out to do as much hurt and harm to each other as they can. Going for the jugular, regardless of how much they'll hurt themselves. It's bound to be a field day for the lawyers and the newspapers when they go to court."

"How would you stop them from going to court?"

Sophie had the answer to that, too. The solution at the salon had been unanimous. "Stick them down on an island in the middle of an ocean and make them talk to each other."

His eyes flickered. "Like where?" he asked.

That wasn't so simple. An exact location hadn't been discussed, let alone decided upon. Then she re¬membered the little old lady who was having her hair permed. She had been enthusing about her recent va¬cation on one of the Tahitian islands. It had sounded absolutely idyllic. If she could only remember the name...

"Bora Bora," Sophie recalled triumphantly.

"Hmm," said Jason Lombard, settling back into his chair with a brooding air.

There was a long nerve-racking silence.

"Did I pass the test with distinction?" Sophie fi¬nally had to ask.

The only reply was a sort of rumbling growl.

"Do I get the job?" she persisted.

Jason Lombard was used to thinking quickly and making fast decisions. Sophie Melville was hopelessly unsuitable, yet she did have a certain individual elan. In a class of her own. Although he'd hate to have to define that class to anyone else. Her crowning glory was more than enough to freeze all reasonable thought processes.

Her solution to the Sullivan wrangle had an ap¬pealing animal charm. Whenever he talked to those two, he felt a compelling urge to pick both of them up by the scruff of the neck and shake them hard.

His eyes flickered over the woman sitting opposite him, waiting impatiently for his answer. Hopeless. Utterly hopeless. She would raise eyebrows so far that his sanity would be in question if he hired her as his personal assistant.

On the other hand, if they were out of the country, she could be useful to him. And it was always possi¬ble to get rid of somebody he didn't really want. His mother would climb off his back if he gave her per¬fect protegee a chance. He rather liked the idea of killing two birds with one stone.

"Let us consult the omens," he said, rocking for¬ward to duplicate the mood of confidentiality that Sophie Melville had drawn him into before. A pay back was definitely in order. Jason prided himself on always having the edge with unpredictability. Cre¬ative solutions were meat and drink to him.

Sophie regarded him with deep suspicion. She leaned her arm on the desk again, determined to bring him to the point. "What omens?" she demanded.

"In ancient times, before any major venture was embarked upon, the omens were always consulted to see if there would be a favourable outcome," he in-toned gravely. "Let's see if luck is on our side."

"What do you have in mind?" Sophie bit out, sensing another diversionary tactic was on the way.

"I'll give you a month's trial if the omens are right. I'm going to throw two darts. If one hits the triple twenty and the second hits the bullseye, then fate fa-vours the arrangement."

"Oh, no!" she groaned. On that premise fate couldn't be more horribly stacked against her.

"Simple!" he cried, a truly wicked twinkle in his eyes. "Let's see where we stand." Then with barely a glance at the board to take any reasonably accurate aim, he hurled off the first dart.

"That's totally unfair..." Sophie's anguished pro¬test trailed into sheer disbelief as the dart landed fair, smack between the wires and right in the centre of the twenty.

"I've done it! I've done it!" he crowed.
"You did it!" Sophie gasped. It was a great shot, worthy of a champion.

"Now for the bullseye," he said.

"No!" she shrieked, not trusting him to fluke a re¬peat performance.

He stood up, his eyes aglow, his hand quivering. He nearly dropped the dart in his excitement.

"Wait a minute!" Sophie commanded.

"May the omens go with you," he spoke to the dart.

"It's my turn!" Sophie shouted, knowing that her only chance was to take control of this outrageous game instantly. "A joint venture is a joint venture, Mr. Lombard. It's my turn with the dart."

While he was still cogitating this challenge, Sophie marched around the desk and snatched the dart out of his hand. With a speed that left him standing, she walked straight to the board, drew her arm back and thrust the dart deeply into the bullseye.

"There!" she said with satisfaction. "The first in the triple twenty, the second in the bullseye."

"That's not fair!" he protested this time. "You didn't throw it."

"I didn't say I was going to throw it." She swung around to face him, her eyes lit with triumph. "I made no claim whatsoever on how I would proceed. Luck is what you make it, in my book."

"You said you had a high distinction in darts," he argued, clearly put out by her spoiling action.

"That was when I was eight years old. Now, do I get the job, Mr. Lombard?"

A reluctant spark of admiration glinted in his eyes. His mouth curled self-mockingly. "Starting tomor¬row, you're on a month's trial," he conceded.

Sophie clasped her hands in an ecstasy of relief and delight. "Oh, thank you, Mr. Lombard. I'll be per¬fect for you. You'll see. Thank you, thank you, thank you."

She was employed, her mind sang. Employed in a plum job! A kind of effervescent madness seized her, and her feet danced right over to the man who had granted her a chance, and her arms threw themselves around his neck, and her lips planted a profusion of grateful kisses all around his jawline.

"Miss Melville! Control these female urges!" Ja¬son Lombard said sternly. "Decorum is an essential requirement for this position."

Sophie collected herself and drew back, bestowing her best beautiful smile on him to show how ready she was to please. "Mr. Lombard, starting tomorrow, I shall be the quintessence of decorum. And anything else you require. What time do you want me here?"

"Nine o'clock. And I abhor unpunctuality."

"Oh, so do I, Mr. Lombard," Sophie trilled, whirling to her chair to pick up her handbag. "I won't waste a minute of your time. Not now, or ever. And thank you once again for giving me a chance."

Jason's gaze was drawn to the jaunty swing of her shapely hips as she walked quickly to the door. He could still feel the soft feminine squash of her full breasts against his chest. Desirable, he thought. Dan¬gerously desirable. He wondered if there was scarlet lipstick all around his jaw.
She threw a dazzling smile over her shoulder as she opened the door. 

"Punctuality and decorum," she recited in a delightfully bubbly fashion, her vivid blue eyes throwing off more sparks than her outrageously fire-red hair.

With her exit finally effected, Jason drew out a handkerchief and thoughtfully rubbed it over his chin. Maybe he had overdone it with a month's trial. So¬phie Melville could present him with some severe male problems. He would have to take care, a great deal of care, to avoid that.
Because she really wasn't suitable.
