Jason was so good-humoured at the office the next day that all the staff remarked on it. They were amazed but very gratified when he and Sophie dis-tributed little gifts to everyone. Cheryl Hughes went so far as to observe that Jason Lombard seemed like a different man, and mused out loud if someone had been teaching him to be different. Sophie made no comment, but she couldn't help smiling at the know¬ing wink Cheryl gave her.

Jason diligently applied himself to business throughout the morning. He was openly appreciative of all Sophie did to assist him, which generated an at-mosphere of happy sharing. There were no orders given. There were requests made and advice asked for and readily taken. He couldn't resist touching her whenever she was close to him. His eyes caressed her with warm pleasure. They went out to lunch together.

"You and I make a great team, Sophie," he de¬clared over a tasty lasagne and salad. "Efficient and effective."

"You don't find me a distraction anymore?" she asked.

"We fit together very well," he continued. "If I don't think of something, you do."

"You don't mind me leaping six steps ahead?"

"The perfect complement," he said.

Sophie beamed approval at him. "I'm glad you think so, Jason."

"I do. Which is why I think we should do some se¬rious planning for the future."

"No more being on trial? You're offering me a per¬manent job with you?"

"Very permanent," he assured her. "How do you feel about that?"

"Delighted. It's the best job I've ever had. I love working with you, Jason."

"Likewise," he said, beaming approval at her. "You're the best thing that ever happened to me, So¬phie."

"Really?"

"Absolutely." He paused a moment, fastened his gaze purposefully on hers, then said, "Let's get mar¬ried."

Sophie choked on a piece of pasta.

"Don't be like that," he said. "Think of the posi¬tive sides. You need stability in your life, Sophie. A lot of stability. I can take care of you. Look after you. Keep you happy."

Sophie took a quick sip of water. "Do you love me, Jason?" she asked.

"Love you? I'm bewitched, besotted, completely bowled over! You're the only woman in the world for me, Sophie, and I'll love you for the rest of my life. Just say yes and let me do it. I promise you,  you'll never regret it."

"You feel that much for me?" she asked dazedly.

"Yes. Please say yes."

"I've got to tell you something first," Sophie said warily.

"I don't care about the other men," he said in sweeping dismissal. "It's different with me, isn't it?"

"Yes," said Sophie.

"That's because it feels right, doesn't it?"

"Yes." She nodded fervently.

"And that's why you have to marry me. Because you won't find anyone else you feel so right with."

"That's right," agreed Sophie, intensely relieved that she didn't have to go into explanations. "You're the only man in my life, Jason. The only one I've ever truly loved. Ever will love," she affirmed with strong conviction.

"I knew it! It just had to be!" he said trium¬phantly. "So we get married."

''You're very persuasive. ' Sophie said admiringly.

"As soon as possible."

"Perhaps we shouldn't rush it too much. We haven't known each other very long."

"When something is right, it's right, Sophie," he assured her. "But if you want to make doubly sure, let's go back to the office and consult the omens. If I throw a triple twenty and a bullseye, we get married as soon as it can be arranged."

"Oh, no!" she groaned. "Not the omens!"

He grinned. "We'll do it just for fun. No way in the world am I going to let you get away from me, So¬phie."

When they came back from lunch, Cheryl in¬formed them that Mrs. Whitlow had arrived to see Mr. Lombard and was awaiting him in his office.

"Good opportunity for you to meet my mother properly," Jason murmured to Sophie. "She's a fine woman."

Sophie smiled happily. "I'm sure she is."

Kathryn Whitlow was standing behind Jason's desk, staring at a couple of darts that she was weighing in her hand. The frown on her face cleared as she looked up to see Jason and Sophie together. "Oh, my dears!" she cried, radiating pleasure and excitement. "I can't tell you how happy I am about the news!"

"What news?" Jason asked.

"Now don't play coy with me, Jason," his mother chided, sweeping around the desk to give him a hug and a kiss. "I know all about it."

"About what?"

"Congratulations, darling! Didn't I say she was perfect for you? Such a lovely bright girl!" his mother gushed, then turned to Sophie, her arms flung wide, ready for another embracing. "And my dear, dear girl! How I've waited for this day! You won't mind if I kiss you, too, will you?"

Sophie was too astonished to have much choice about it. Mrs. Whitlow hugged her like a long lost daughter. "It's all right for me to call you Sophie now, isn't it? And you must call me Kathryn."

"Mother, would you mind letting us know what this exhibition of affection is all about?" Jason rasped in exasperation.

"It's no use trying to keep it to yourselves, Jason. The news is out. I heard it at the hairdressers'."

"What did you hear at the hairdressers', Mother?" Jason asked with pained patience.

"That you and Sophie are getting married, of course!" his mother announced triumphantly. "And I'm so delighted, Jason. I couldn't wait for you to tell me yourselves."

"How on earth could you hear that at the hair¬dressers'?" Jason demanded, looking quite put out at having his thunder stolen.

Sophie decided this was not the time to tell him what Mia did for a living. She kept her mouth firmly shut.

"Well, I did hear it there. So it must be true," his mother reasoned. "I always get the real news at the hairdressers'."

"That snippet of information happens to be decid¬edly premature," Jason snapped.

"Oh!" His mother looked crestfallen.

Jason relented. "Sophie hasn't said yes yet."

His mother instantly brightened. She gave Sophie a smile that said she understood, then patted her son's arm. "In that case, I'll go and let you get on with it, dear. Perhaps a bended knee might help. You are a little arrogant, you know. But I'm sure Sophie's ca¬pable of sorting that out."

"Mother..." Jason steamed.

"All right! All right! I'm going!" She was halfway to the door when she stopped and wheeled around. “These darts!'' She was still holding them in her hand. "They're very peculiar, Jason. I was having a little game while I was waiting for you___"

"Yes, Mother. Just give them back to me," Jason cut in, moving quickly to retrieve them.

"This one with the blue fin always lands in the tri¬ple twenty. It doesn't matter what you aim at___"

"Thank you, Mother. Sophie and I would like some privacy."

"And that red-finned one always hits the bulls-eye." She frowned at him. "They must be loaded with magnets or something. Don't you think it's time you put aside these boyhood tricks, Jason?"

"Mother!" he growled menacingly. "The door is waiting for you."

“All right!" She reached up and kissed him on the cheek. "Good luck, dear." Then she waved at So¬phie. "He does have a good heart."

The door finally closed behind her.

Jason slowly swung around to face Sophie. "Did I say my mother is a fine woman?" he said sheepishly.

A smile twitched at Sophie's lips. "I think the omens have just been defrocked of all importance."

He shot her a look of appeal. "I did say it was only fun, Sophie."

"What about the day you hired me?" she re¬minded him. "Was it fun then, Jason?"

"Now, Sophie, if you remember, you were hauling me over the coals, Lots of fire coming from you. I was just balancing up the scales a bit." He gestured for a dismissal, then moved into sliding his arms around her. "After all, it was a dead certainty that the omens would be good, without any interference from you."

"But I didn't know that."

"Sophie." He lowered his voice to a passionate throb. "Even then I knew I didn't want to let you walk out of my life."

She plucked at his lapels, looking up at him from under her lashes. "You made it hard for me."

"You were giving me a lot of male problems, So¬phie," he pleaded in defence.

"I desperately wanted the job. And to work with you."

"We do form a great team."

"Yes, we do."

"Will you marry me?"

"Tell me again how much you love me."

He did so, at extreme length and with heartfelt fer¬vour. Then finally, his voice husky with emotion, he said, "Sophie, this is your last opportunity today. Will you or will you not marry me?"

She lifted her lashes and looked straight into his el¬oquently pleading eyes. "I love you, Jason," she said softly. "And the answer is yes. Yes, I will marry you. Yes."

                                                END