The fare was perfectly situated. From the front porch there were a few metres of manicured lawn to the beach, then a few metres of white sand to the warm waters of the lagoon. A double hammock hung on the palm trees just beyond the front porch, and two re¬clining sun lounges awaited the occupants' conve-nience.

Sophie would normally be thrilled out of her mind to have accommodation in such a glorious position. Her pleasure, however, was considerably diminished by one of Jason's surprises. Although it was not spe¬cifically stated, she was left in no doubt that she was supposed to be sharing the fare with him.

Their luggage was carried in and set up on stands for easy unpacking. They were shown the facilities in the kitchenette-cum-dressing-room as though they were a couple. They were both invited to check out the bath¬room. The only other room was the one they had en¬tered, a very spacious living area containing two double beds, a dining setting, two chests of drawers and two armchairs. They were wished a very happy stay at the Hotel Bora Bora and left to settle in to¬gether.

Sophie marched straight to the door and flung it wide open to the front porch. With her exit route made emphatically clear, she swung around to hurl a seeth-ing challenge at the man who had organised this cosy arrangement.

"What made you think I would accept this set-up?"

He remained near their luggage, as though guard¬ing it might stop her from storming out on him. His hands lifted in appeal. "Sophie, it's not as bad as it looks," he started apologetically.

"Crass, Jason!" she fired at him. "Very, very crass! Did you imagine I would be flattered?"

"No. I-"

"That I would happily seize the chance of sharing so much intimacy with you?"

He looked intensely discomfited. He had obviously figured that she wouldn't mind too much.

"That you could always buy my compliance with a few more thousand dollars?" she taunted.

"I've never bought a woman in my life!" he rasped, affronted by the very idea.

"Were you skimping on costs, then?"

Red slashed across his cheekbones. "No!"

"So what wonderful line of reasoning went through your mind, Jason?"

"I couldn't get an adjoining fare for you," he snapped. "You know damned well our schedule had to be pushed forward. What was available starting next weekend was not available for this week. It's a simple matter of logistics, Sophie."

"There isn't another vacant fare at the hotel? Is that what you're saying, Jason?"

"Sure, there is!" He waved his hands in exaspera¬tion. "Back in the garden somewhere. Not on the beach front. And not close by. How do you think it would look for me, in this day and age, to bring a woman here and have her parked nowhere near me?"

"So your male pride is more important than my sensibilities, is it?" Sophie demanded acidly.

"I'm only thinking of the situation!" he insisted. "If it upsets you so much, I'll sleep in the hammock outside and you can have the place to yourself. But we have to at least look as though we're together."

He did have a point, Sophie acknowledged. "You truly booked an adjoining fare for me in the first place?" she queried.

"Yes. And you can easily check that out if you don't believe me," he added bitterly.

"Am I still going to hold my job after a week of to¬getherness with you, Jason? Or are you figuring on getting rid of me?" she asked point-blank.
He dragged in a deep breath and expelled a long, shaky sigh. "How can I get rid of you, Sophie? With this set of circumstances, you could nail me to a wall, if I tried. I've given you my deepest confidence, and I'm trusting to your integrity to keep whatever hap¬pens this week to yourself."

He was certainly a good advocate, she thought. His voice fairly throbbed with sincerity, and what he said did make sense. Since several major considerations had been cleared up to her satisfaction, Sophie de¬cided she could let the matter rest for the time being.

"Well, at least there are separate beds," she ob¬served, then stepped over to the one closest to the door and dropped her carry bag onto it. "I'll take this one."

"Do I dare assume that I may use the other?" Ja¬son asked, cautious about taking anything for granted after the diatribe he had just been subjected to.

Sophie gave a sigh of resigned sufferance. "I guess it wouldn't look too good if Gail or Randy spotted you sleeping in the hammock every night. Just remember the pretence-lover bit stops at that door."

"Of course," he soothed. "Thank you for your understanding, Sophie."
She shot him a dark look. "I hope you don't snore."

His mouth twitched into a dry little smile. "You could always beat me over the head with a pillow. With the beatings I've been taking lately, that should put me out for the count."

Sophie could barely repress a responding smile. She quickly turned her head aside, working to retain a stern composure while appearing to be checking out the view through the doorway.

She was about to ask what other surprises Jason had kept up his sleeve when her attention was drawn to a woman crossing the lawn from the adjacent fare. So¬phie took one sharp look at her, knew there was no time to waste in setting up Jason's scheme and took the initiative upon herself. To his stunned surprise she whirled down the room, flinging herself at him and throwing her arms around his neck.

"This is going to be heavenly, darling! Thank you so much for bringing me here!" she cried out loud, looking at him fatuously as she quickly hissed, "Kiss me!"

She had to say one thing for Jason. He was not slow on the uptake. His arms came around her like a vice. "My pleasure," he said with a passionate throb that smacked of real feeling, and when his mouth came down on hers, he certainly couldn't be accused of not being convincing.

Sophie wasn't sure if he was working off all the ego burns she had given him, or whether the thought of Gail witnessing his passion for another woman was the driving force, but she was left in little doubt about his expertise at kissing and his ability to put it all into practice in one fell swoop.

His lips moved over hers with a hungry sensuality that stunned her into giving way to each seductive pressure. She felt his hand slide into her hair, fingers persuading the tilt of her head as his mouth sought for more complete access to hers. She gave it unthink¬ingly, fascinated by the promise of knowing more of him, more of how it might feel together if she let it happen.

Somewhere in the back of her mind she knew it was safe because Gail was coming. But she forgot all about Gail when Jason's tongue started an erotic sweep over hers. Electric tingles jammed her brain, and all common sense was lost as he plunged her down a path of sensation that stirred a mindless range of response throughout her body. "Jason!"

Gail Sullivan's shocked cry came in the nick of time, Sophie realised afterwards. Control had suffered a complete meltdown. She found her fingers entwined in Jason's hair when he lifted his head, and the way her body was strained to meet every part of his was a dead giveaway. Or a live one, considering the zinging palpitation in her nerves and the wild acceleration of her heartbeat, not to mention the rivulets of weak¬ness in her legs and the prickling sensitivity of her breasts. Chemical dynamite, Sophie thought dazedly, and didn't dare look up at Jason as he greeted their visitor.

"Gail..." His voice sounded thick. He tried clear¬ing his throat, but Gail Sullivan forestalled any fur¬ther utterance.

"I can't believe this!" she screeched in outrage. "You conned me into coming all this way. I've come to welcome you. And your first priority is to get some floozy into bed with you!"

Floozy jarred Sophie into movement. As she shifted to face her detractor, Jason reacted automatically, tucking her beside him with one arm while gesturing appeasement at Gail with the other.

"You've got this wrong, Gail. Sophie is not a—"

"You're no better than Randy! Worse!" came the swiift and bitter condemnation, her large amber eyes flaring fire and brimstone.

Gail Sullivan had far more vital charisma in the flesh than was ever seen in her photographs, and fury gave her a wild vividness that heightened every fea¬ture of her natural beauty. Sophie's heart quivered uncertainly as she took in the glorious shiny mane of creamy caramel hair, the flawless skin that was flushed with rage, the superbly arched eyebrows, the aristo¬cratic nose with the flare of passion breathing from her nostrils, the perfectly sculptured mouth, the long graceful neck stretched taut with wounded pride and the lissome body seductively draped in a multicol¬oured pareu. Unforgettable, Sophie thought, and no longer wondered about Jason's failure to find any woman to compare with her.

"If you'll listen for a moment—" Jason tried again.

"I thought you were the one man I could trust!" Gail flung at him. "So much for old friendships! You're fired!" With a contemptuous toss of her head, she turned her back on both of them and marched off in high dudgeon.

"Wait!" Jason's appeal fell on deaf ears.

"Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned," Sophie observed.
Jason hissed some curse under his breath, then dis¬engaged himself from Sophie as though she were con¬taminated. "You overdid it!" he accused.

Sophie stared at him in disbelief. "I only started it. It was you who overdid it."

"You caught me by surprise, responding as you did after giving me to believe—"

"Well, you turned out to be a better kisser than I thought you would," she defended wildly.

His eyes glittered with a turbulent range of emo¬tions. "Will you stop turning me inside out, Sophie? I don't know where the hell I am with you."

"Try being fair."

He looked at her mutinous expression, then shook his head in frustration. "Nothing works with you, does it?"

"Wrong strategy. And you blew it with Gail, as well," Sophie retaliated.

His face set in grim determination. "I have to go after her."

"If you want her back, you'll certainly have to do that," Sophie agreed.

"God help me!" he muttered as he headed for the door. "I'm between the devil and the deep blue sea!"

"Good luck," Sophie called after him.

At least she had the satisfaction of knowing that Gail was not about to fall into Jason's arms. In fact, Sophie assured herself, she had every reason to be highly pleased with the results of her initiative. Not only had it put Gail off any idea of a more than friendly reunion with Jason, it had also confirmed that Jason was not entirely play-acting his role of lover.

Sophie was quite sure he had been as much in¬volved as she in finding out how a kiss between them felt. If he hadn't lost track of his original purpose, he would have been more prepared to meet Gail's inter¬ruption. Which gave Sophie cause for hope, despite the formidable competition of the living reminder of Jason's lost love.

Since she was definitely persona non grata in the Sullivan camp until some kind of peace treaty was reached, Sophie figured that her job, in keeping with Jason's scheme, was to be as flamboyantly conspicu¬ous as possible, driving the point home that she was not going to go away. She was a fixture in Jason's life, whether Gail liked it or not, and until Jason in¬structed her otherwise, that was how she was going to act.

She quickly unpacked her clothes, selected the ban¬deau swimsuit and its matching pareu for her first ap¬pearance on stage, then stripped off and smothered her skin with a block-out lotion to protect it from the sun's harmful rays. Although Jason had listed biki¬nis, Sophie had been unable to resist the marvellous colour combination of the dramatic one-piece with its brilliant sea-green bust line, the wide purple waist¬band with the mirrored insets of green and blue and the electric blue lower half that was cut almost to the hips to give the longest of long-legged looks.

She picked up the pareu and one of the beach tow¬els provided, then strolled down to the stretch of beach directly in front of Gail's pare. Out of the corner of her eye she saw Jason and Gail in verbal confrontation on her front porch, but Sophie did not pause or glance their way.

There was a number of recliners set out along the sand. She spent some time relaxing on one of them, enjoying the light breeze that took any sting out of the tropical heat, drinking in the fabulous ambience around her, idly observing other guests who strolled by. Eventually she decided a swim was in order, par-ticularly since it gave her a natural opportunity to look around and see if Jason had made any progress with Gail.

The water was wonderful, cool enough to be re¬freshing, warm enough to caress her skin like the softest silk. It was so clear, the occasional rock or coral outcrop could easily be avoided underfoot, and to Sophie's fascinated delight, she could see fish darting around her. Some looked transparent, merging with the water, but others were brilliantly coloured in bold stripes or beautiful rainbow tints that seemed to flow into each other with an iridescent glow.

Jason and Gail had apparently reached some kind of truce for they progressed to sitting around a small table set on the lawn outside her fare, sipping drinks and conversing with some intensity. Sophie caught Jason glancing her way a couple of times, but Gail seemed intent on ignoring her existence.

The swim stirred Sophie's appetite. She waded out of the lagoon, dried herself with the beach towel, tied the pareu around her waist, then waited to catch Jason's eye. She waved an indication of where he could find her, then at his nod of acknowledgement set off for the Pofai Beach Bar on the other side of the point. Sophie had a hamburger and a Chi Chi cocktail, struck up an acquaintance with two American cou¬ples who were both on their honeymoon, found out that the hotel supplied complimentary snorkelling equipment and lessons on how to use it and generally idled away the afternoon chatting with the lovely Polynesian bar attendants who were only too happy to tell her about their life on Bora Bora.

It She saw nothing of Jason or Gail for the rest of the day. Where they went and what they did were not communicated to her by word or message. They did not attend the beach barbecue that evening, and So¬phie was left completely to her own devices.

She told herself that the business with Gail had to come first with Jason. That was why they were here. But it didn't stop her from feeling left out and lonely and miserable at the thought of Gail wielding her for¬midable female power over Jason. Fortunately, the friendly Americans she had met invited her to sit with them, and they were such happy company that the hours passed pleasantly enough.

She was already in bed when Jason finally made a reappearance. He blundered into the fare, having missed the step from the porch, cursed under his breath, then fumbled around in the dark, trying to find his way noiselessly to the bathroom. Sophie heaved a great sigh and snapped on the bedside lamp.

"Sorry if I woke you," he said, looking so haggard and wrung out that Sophie swallowed back the caus¬tic comment trembling on her tongue. 
"Trying day?" she asked sympathetically. 

He looked grateful for her understanding. "Then some," he said with feeling. "I can't get through to Gail at all. Not on any level." 

"How many levels did you try?" The jealous snipe slid out before Sophie could stop it, and she felt intensely mortified. Jason had told her categorically that he didn't want an intimate relation¬ship with Gail. Because the other woman was so unnervingly beautiful, and they had spent so much time alone together, it didn't necessarily mean he had changed his mind about what he wanted.

Jason gave her a bleak look. "I tried everything I could think of. I'm sorry I can't include you, Sophie. I could use some advice. But Gail has taken an irra-tional dislike to you."

She gave a dismissive shrug, relieved that he was too tired to perceive her own irrational feelings. "It's your scheme. If you want me out, I'm out. Though it would be nice to know when to dress up or not. If I'd known I had the evening off, I needn't have wasted a snazzy pyjama suit on a beach barbecue."

His mouth curled with irony. "It wasn't wasted. Gail didn't fancy a barbecue so I took her to the yacht club on the other side of the village. Before we left here we had a drink in the Matira Bar, which overlooks the beach. Gail commented, somewhat waspishly, that you seemed very adept at picking up people."

"A knack I learnt from travelling alone," Sophie answered lightly, relieved to hear they had gone out for dinner instead of being closeted in Gail's fare. "I guess it's more of the same tomorrow."

"That's how it stands at the moment."

"Oh, well! Sorry I can't help." She gave him a commiserating smile. 

"You look dead beat, Jason. Better get some sleep." She settled herself in bed and turned her back to him. "You can turn out the light when you're ready."

He didn't move for several moments. Sophie could feel him staring at her. Then she heard him strip off his clothes. She knew he hadn't unpacked, and he didn't bother doing it now. He used the bathroom, then climbed into bed and switched off the lamp.

She couldn't help wondering if he had gone to bed stark naked. It was a disturbing image. It was an even more disturbing image when he tossed and turned, apparently too wound up from the long confronta¬tion with Gail to relax into a peaceful sleep. Or per¬haps he was suffering from exhaustion, his nerves twitching out of control. Whatever the reason, his restlessness continued for over an hour, and when he punched his pillows into a different shape for the umpteenth time, Sophie decided she couldn't stand it anymore. She slid out of bed, picked up the towel and bikini she had laid out ready for a morning swim and quietly opened the door.

"Where are you going?"

The gruff bark from him halted her in mid-exit. "I think I'd prefer it if you snored," she said bluntly. "It's impossible to sleep with a threshing machine in the next bed, so I'm going for a swim. Maybe you'll be dead to the world when I come back."

There was no-one on the beach. Sophie stepped into the bikini bottom and pulled it up under her cotton nightie. Then she tossed off her nightie, picked up the bikini bra and was about to fasten it around her breasts when the lure of the moonlit lagoon changed her mind.

Why not swim topless? Many of the guests had been sunbathing topless today. It was customary and com¬monplace in France and other overseas territories. The Polynesians accepted it as part of their cultural heri¬tage. Sophie was not quite that uninhibited about her body, but there was nothing to stop her from enjoy¬ing the sensual freedom of swimming like that to¬night.

She dropped the bra onto her towel and ran into the water, undeterred by its initial coolness. As soon as it was deep enough she immersed herself in a long glide that felt delicious against her bare skin. After a few languorous strokes she turned onto her back to float, enjoying the sensation of little waves lapping over the peaks of her breasts. The boom of league-long rollers pounding on the coral reef vibrated through her ears. The sky was full of stars. Magic, she thought. Pure magic.

Suddenly there was a small eruption of water beside her. Sophie thought of fish jumping until Jason's voice broke that sweet delusion. Are you all right, Sophie?" he flapped her arms and thrust her feet down in a bid to move away from him. "You're supposed to be sleeping!" she cried, fiercely protesting his intrusion on her private idyll with nature. 

"You should know better than to go swimming at night. You could hurt your feet on a rock, get cramp”

 “In water this warm?" she scoffed. "As for rocks, you look down and you can see the dark blobs for yourself. I'm perfectly safe in this lagoon."

He looked down, but his gaze fastened on her beasts and didn't lower any farther. She lifted her kinds to cover herself. "I wasn't expecting you to fol¬low me, Jason," she pleaded.

“You're so beautiful," he murmured. "Don't hide yourself, Sophie." He reached out and gently drew her hands away. "I thought you would look like this," he said huskily.

"Don't," she whispered, her breath catching in her throat at the breaking of barriers between them. She hastily pushed herself away from him, making a safer space, frightened of her vulnerability to his touch.

He made no move to follow her but his eyes clung to hers, compelling her attention. "You feel it, too," he said. "It's been waiting to happen since last Fri-day. Before that. So why not let it, Sophie?"


His devastating directness caught her unprepared, and she was at a loss as to how to answer him. "Fri¬day was the day you hurt me," she reminded him, fighting the almost magnetic pull of his attraction.

"Can't it be different now?" he asked softly.

"You planned to use me all along. How can I know you wouldn't be using me now, Jason? Perhaps to put Gail out of your mind, and all you once shared with her? You must have been remembering that today. Remembering..."

"No. I wanted to be with you."

"But you weren't. You didn't even leave me a mes¬sage to say where you were. I was nothing."

"You know why we came to Bora Bora," he said.

"I did what you wanted of me, and you cut me off. I was very lonely."

"We're together now."

"Only because you kept on punching your pil¬lows."

"To stop myself from reaching out to you."

How did one fight truth? Desire throbbed from his voice, beating relentlessly on a responsive chord that Sophie recognised only too well. The torment of be-ing so aware of him in the next bed had kept her awake, too, driven her away from him. She was sud¬denly riven with the thought that he was naked, that he hadn't bothered with a swimsuit when he followed her.

Her gaze dropped to his shoulders gleaming bare in the moonlight, the strongly delineated maleness of his chest, then to the wavering waterline. No, she thought, I have to stop this, and forced herself to turn away from him and face the reef. Her mind was a jumbled mess of needs and desires. Impossible to pluck any smart, sensible words out of it. She felt the move¬ment in the water, knew what it meant, yet could not find the will to evade the danger it forewarned.

His arms slid around her waist and slowly drew her against him. "Let it be," he murmured, his mouth grazing softly near her ear.

"Let it be what, Jason?" Her voice was thin and uncertain, barely recognisable as her own. "An affair to remember?" she forced out. "Or a convenience to be forgotten?"

His hands glided up to close possessively around her breasts. She felt his chest expand as he breathed in hard, then in a fervent whisper that blew softly through her curls he said, "I want you very badly, Sophie. More than I've wanted any woman I've ever”

He trailed a mesmerising line of kisses down her throat, across her shoulders. Sophie tried to think, but her senses were being stormed by the sweet seduction of the man behind her and the balmy romance of the dements around them, the softness of the water lap¬ping their bodies, the strangely secure feeling of hav¬ing her weightless breasts caressed, the sensuous feeling of wet warm flesh meeting and fitting to his torso.

Somehow it stirred a kind of reckless fatalism. Her instincts whispered that this was how it should be, a sharing of what nature intended for man and woman without any need for promises or thought of the fu¬ture. Perhaps the primitive magic of the fabled Bora Bora had seeped into her soul. Through her mind and her heart and her body ran the rhythmic refrain, Let it be... let it be.

When Jason turned her to face him she offered no resistance. Her body willingly met his, and she wound her arms around him and gave him kiss for kiss, and she clung to him unashamedly as he carried her out of the lagoon, wanting what he wanted, uncaring of to¬morrow.
