Sophie walked and walked, mindless of where she was going or what she passed by. She felt as though something of immeasurable value had been torn away from her, leaving in its wake an irrecoverable sense of loss and desolation.

A dream, she told herself, a stupid, self-deluding dream. She should probably be grateful to Evonne Carstairs for bringing her crashing down to earth. Yet the thought of that woman, on terms of intimate un¬derstanding with Jason Lombard, only seemed to make the hurt worse. He should have known better.

It was not until the rush-hour crowds pressed So¬phie into a realisation that the working day was at an end that she remembered where she was supposed to be this evening. By then it was too late to telephone Mia at the salon and call off the arrangement they had made.

She found herself closer to the railway station at Milson's Point than North Sydney, but it only made a few minutes' difference in travelling time to Lind-field. With a sense of dull resignation, Sophie caught a train and spent the next twenty minutes trying to work out how to tell her friend what had happened.

The plain truth was that Sophie didn't want to dredge through the whole painful business again, with Mia asking endless questions. She didn't want to talk about it. Not tonight. Perhaps tomorrow, when she felt less raw.

She alighted from the train at Lindfield and trudged up the steps to the pedestrian overpass that led to the shopping centre. So many times she and Mia had passed by Pommeroys Restaurant on their way home to their flat or on the way to some takeaway establish¬ment for a cheap meal. They had promised them¬selves they would definitely go there when a special occasion warranted the expense. It now seemed bit¬terly ironic that tonight of all nights had been decided upon, a special treat to mark the end of her first week in her splendid new job.

She spotted Mia already waiting for her on the sidewalk outside the entrance to the restaurant. So¬phie did her best to adopt a bright demeanour so her friend would not suspect there was anything wrong. She did not want to spoil Mia's enjoyment of some¬thing she had been fancying for months.

The moment Mia saw Sophie, her face lit with de-lighted anticipation and she rushed forward to link her arm with Sophie's in happy companionship. "At last!" she cried. "I was about to call your boss and demand that he unchain you from your desk. I've so much to tell you. And I'm dying of hunger, as well."

"Sorry I'm late, Mia. I honestly didn't notice the time passing," Sophie said.


She didn't need to say anything else. Mia was only too eager to sweep her into the restaurant and get the business of being settled at a table over so that she could freely burst into triumphant glee.

"You've made me famous, Sophie!" she declared. "Or, at least, I made you famous, so that it re¬bounded back on me. You wouldn't believe how many calls we had at the salon this afternoon, all wanting to make an appointment with Mia." She preened. "No-one else would do. It had to be me."

Sophie didn't see the connection between herself and Mia's sudden rise in favour with clients.

"It must have been winning the competition," Mia burbled on. "They all want to have their hair col¬oured and styled just like yours."

"Like mine?" Sophie repeated in surprise.

"Absolutely. I'm going to be raced off my feet to¬morrow. Busy, busy, busy. Ten perms, ten cuts, ten colours. I'll have a production line going. Isn't that fantastic?"

"Ten women want hair like mine?" Sophie asked incredulously.

Mia laughed. "I can hardly believe it myself, but it's true, Sophie. It was bedlam trying to fit the appoint¬ments in. They came in a rush, one after the other, and it had to be tomorrow. No other day would do for them."

"Maybe it's some mad practical joke," Sophie said, hoping Mia's glorious bubble of fame was not going to be deflated.

"No way. They were passionately set on having me give them what I've given you. Even if they had to pay me extra for working past my normal hours."

Sophie shook her head in bemusement. "Well, it's certainly great business for you, Mia. Congratula¬tions!"

She grinned. "It wouldn't have happened without having you as my advertisement, Sophie. Though I might have to talk them into some other colour and style once I have them in my grasp. Depends on their skin tone and the shape of their faces. I doubt all ten of them will have your pale creamy skin and a face with great bones that can get away with anything. I hope they have the good sense to accept my profes¬sional expertise."

"I'm sure they'll listen to you, Mia," Sophie said dryly. With her rapid-fire delivery and a captive au¬dience, Mia could probably mesmerise her clients into accepting anything she advised.

A waiter presented them with menus, and Mia's at¬tention was instantly diverted to food. The merits of every dish had to be discussed before the final choice was made for their dinner. Mia had an appetite that Sophie didn't have a hope of matching tonight, but the easiest course of action was to pretend interest in the cheapest and plainest items on the menu.

Once their order was taken, Mia leaned forward, her bright brown eyes sparkling with the pleasure of blowing something that she considered particularly titillating. "I bet I can tell you something about the Sullivan affair that you and your boss might like to know."

Sophie raised her eyebrows inquiringly. While there was no longer any advantage to her in knowing any¬thing more about the Sullivans, trying to discourage Mia from telling a story she was intent on telling was a totally futile exercise.

"Randy Sullivan is dropping out," she declared excitedly. "And you'll never guess where he's going."

Sophie tensed, wondering what information had been leaked and by whom. Then she bitterly re¬minded herself that it was no longer of any concern to, her.

"You know how we reckoned that he and Gail should be dumped on a deserted island together to sort out their differences?" Mia paused for appropriate encouragement.

"Yes," Sophie obliged.

"Well, he's flying off to one. His travel agent was getting her hair done today, and she said he's booked a trip to Bora Bora."

If that became public knowledge, Jason Lombard was certain to think she had leaked it, Sophie thought, mentally piling one more injustice onto her heap of grievances against him. Yet it gave her no sense of satisfaction that his scheme for the Sullivans might come unstuck. She had wanted to help make it right again between them.

"It's a pity someone couldn't organise for Gail to go there, too," Mia went on. "Who could keep quarrel¬ling in a tropical paradise?"

"I suppose it depends on how blind they've be¬come to what's real and what isn't," Sophie re¬marked flatly. "There's none so blind as those who don't want to see."

Like Jason Lombard, who refused to look past her hair! To plan on using her as a distraction was a de¬meaning insult to her capabilities. She could have re¬ally helped him if he'd given her the chance. A woman's point of view might have made an enor¬mous difference in dealing with the warring couple.

Having been involved in the problem all week, So¬phie found herself wishing that the scheme could work. She leaned forward and impulsively appealed to her friend. "Mia, could you stop everyone at the sa¬lon from spreading that piece of news about Randy Sullivan?"

Mia looked shocked. "No way! That would amount to censorship. We can't have that. It's an unwritten rule of our profession. The news must go through. Our clients wouldn't trust us to tell them everything if we started holding back."

"I simply thought that if Gail heard about Randy's trip, wild horses wouldn't drag her to Bora Bora," Sophie explained.

Her friend's bright brown eyes widened, her agile mind instantly putting two and two together. "Is Gail likely to be going there? Is this what you've been working on with Jason Lombard?"

Sophie sighed. "I can't tell you that, Mia."

Although her sense of integrity insisted on clinging to the rule of confidentiality, Sophie hated the feeling of deceiving Mia about her position. If the waiter had not fortuitously arrived to serve them with their start¬ers, she would have blurted out the truth. However, one look at the food placed in front of her was re¬minder enough that it wouldn't be fair to rob Mia of her pleasure in eating.

Sophie managed to do some justice to the smoked salmon cornet while Mia ploughed through her crepe with crispy duck topped with spicy mango sauce. However, when they were presented with their main courses, her stomach went into rebellion. She pushed the John Dory fillets around the plate while Mia hoed into her rich concoction of veal steak with lobster me¬dallions and prawns in a light brandy sauce, topped with macadamia nuts. Mia applied the same zest to eating as she did to talking, and her plate was pol¬ished clean of everything before Sophie had made any start at all.

"Something wrong with what you ordered?" she asked in belated concern, then was promptly dis¬tracted into looking straight past Sophie. 

"Wow!" she breathed. "Don't look now, but a ten on the male Richter scale just walked in!"

The outstanding classification made no impression on Sophie. She couldn't be less interested in men at the moment. She flaked off a small piece of fish with her fork, wondering if she could slide it down her throat.

"I've caught his eye," Mia hissed in excitement. "He's by himself and he's heading straight towards me."

And will undoubtedly walk right past, Sophie thought.

But he didn't.

Mia's uninhibited come-hither look had apparently hit some ready chord of response. The man stopped at their table. Sophie kept her eyes fixed on her dinner plate, disassociating herself from any social entangle¬ment with the situation. She prodded at a piece of po¬tato with total disinterest. It was up to Mia to handle whatever she wanted to invite.

"Can I help you?" Mia asked brightly, radiating a welcoming warmth and interest.

"I hope so," came the unmistakable voice of Jason Lombard.

Sophie's head jerked up. The fork she had been holding dropped from suddenly nerveless fingers and clattered onto the plate. Her whole body stiffened in violent rejection as her eyes met the intensity of pur¬pose gleaming from his.

'' Wow!'' Mia breathed, hit by the electricity of two opposing elements.

"What are you doing here?" Sophie accused, more than asked. "Haven't you already spoilt enough for me?"

He winced, but the silver-grey eyes held hers un¬waveringly. "I went to your flat. You weren't there. I had to find you. I thought I might meet you coming off a train so I walked this way and happened to glance into the restaurant..."

"And saw my bright, distracting hair," Sophie cut in with bitter sarcasm.

"I would have waited all night to speak to you, if need be. To tell you how sorry I am for what hap¬pened—"

"You've already said that," Sophie snapped, dis¬turbed and confused by his persistence. "Consider your apology accepted, Mr. Lombard," she added with cold finality.

"Lombard?" Mia echoed incredulously. "Your boss?"

"Not any more," Sophie bit out.

"Please hear me out," he asked, refusing to be dis¬missed.

"Why?"

"Because I admire you,'' he said softly.' 'Because I respect you. Because I was terribly, terribly wrong. Because saying I'm sorry is not the end but the begin-ning of making amends."

"Oh!" sighed Mia, reduced to mush by the seduc¬tive flow of appeasement.

Sophie stubbornly kept her heart rock-hard. Words were the tools of an advocate's trade. Of course, Ja¬son Lombard could use them to sway his listeners when he knew who his listeners were. It was his bad luck he had slipped up this afternoon and revealed his true form. Sophie was not about to forget that in a hurry, no matter what he said now.

She regarded him with relentlessly unforgiving eyes. "There's nothing you can do—"

"Please let me try."

Mia suddenly hopped up from the table, all sweet¬ness and light as she seized the role of peacemaker. "You can have my chair, Mr. Lombard. I've finished my dinner, and I really must dash. There's a call I simply have to make. You'll see Sophie home safely, won't you?"

Before he could reply, Mia had skipped around him to hold Sophie in her chair under the pretence of a friendly hug. "To err is human, to forgive is divine," she crooned, then lowered her voice to whisper into Sophie's ear. "You're mad if you let him get away! Grab him!"

Then she was off in a whirl, airily waving away all responsibility for what she left behind, including pay¬ment for the meal she had eaten. Sophie half-rose from her chair in protest, only to sink back in help¬less resignation when all there was to confront was the door closing behind Mia's swift exit.

She glared up at Jason Lombard, who had not yet availed himself of the chair Mia had offered him. "You might have fooled my friend, Mr. Lombard," she said in fierce resentment. "But don't think I can be fooled into taking anything you say at face value."

His mouth tilted into an ironic little smile. "There is only one fool here, Miss Melville. And that is my¬self. You were absolutely right this afternoon. My judgement, especially where you are concerned, has been appalling."

This surprising admission did not anaesthetise the hurt he had given her, but it went some way towards soothing the humiliation of having been taken in by his deceit. She eyed him warily, unsure that he wasn't set¬ting out to deceive her again. There had to be some reason behind his chasing after her. She couldn't be¬lieve he cared that much about recovering her good opinion of him.

"May I sit down?" he asked, gesturing towards the chair Mia had vacated for him.

"By all means," she answered, mocking his pro¬jection of sincerity as she added, "if you really think it's worth your time."

"Thank you," he said, giving her an apologetic smile as he sat opposite her. "I didn't mean to spoil your dinner. That food must be cold by now. Can I order something else for you?"

"I'm not hungry," Sophie stated flatly.

"Coffee?"

"If you like."

He signalled a waiter. Jason Lombard was one of those people who automatically commanded good service. He had that air of class and authority that ex¬pected the best from others and invariably received it. The table was swiftly cleared. Coffee was promptly served. A plate of after-dinner mints accompanied the coffee.

Sophie watched it all happen with cynical eyes. Mia was right, she thought. Jason Lombard was a ten on the male Richter scale in every superficial sense. She doubted there was a woman alive who wouldn't find him attractive, who wouldn't enjoy having him pay attention to her. But Sophie clamped down severely on the treacherous female vulnerability he stirred in her. All this caring attention had to be a sham.
The moment they were left alone, she fired a direct challenge at him. 

"Let's get straight to the point, Mr. Lombard. You haven't come after me to grovel for forgiveness or do a repair job on your image. I'm too unimportant in your life to bother about that. So what's your purpose?"
