Sophie was satisfied that she had pulled the mat out from under Jason Lombard's feet and left him floun¬dering with the choice of delivering bare honesty or being swept out the door.

Clearly the choice was not to his liking. For several long moments he sought a way around it, weighing his chances of succeeding. The knowing derision in So¬phie's eyes apparently convinced him there was no point in wavering.

"I want you to come to Bora Bora with me," he said.

Sophie could hardly believe her ears. "You expect me to accept such a proposal after what you said about me this afternoon?"
He leaned forward, appealing to her with urgent intensity. "I want your forgiveness, but I intend to earn it, not talk about it, beg or grovel for it. I'm of-fering you an opportunity to have your job back, to take a new look at your future and reassess what may be possible between us."

Sophie raised mocking eyebrows. "Another trial, Mr. Lombard? Which will last until I've served the purpose you had in mind for me?"

"Forget what I said this afternoon!" he pressed earnestly. "This is different!"

Forgetting was too tall an order for Sophie. "Why not ask Miss Carstairs to fill in for me? I'm sure she'd be only too happy to provide the little distraction you require for your Bora Bora scheme."

He winced. "Evonne Carstairs and I parted com¬pany this afternoon. I have no desire whatsoever to resurrect any personal involvement with her."

"Poor judgement in the first place," Sophie sniped, nevertheless feeling a fine satisfaction in the rich bitch's fall from favour.

"It was a mutual social convenience," Jason Lom¬bard muttered, impatiently dismissing the conten¬tious relationship.

"You couldn't find someone better than her?" So¬phie jabbed at him, fiercely resenting his betrayal of her to such a woman. Irritation tightened his face. "I wasn't particularly looking."

"I take it she fitted your purpose well enough." Sophie's eyes glittered scorn. "I presume she made up for her shortcomings in character with her perfor¬mance in bed. Did you enjoy her catty claws there, Mr. Lombard?"

Frustration glittered in his eyes. "Can we move past Evonne Carstairs? As I recall, you gave back as good as you got from her this afternoon, and the honours went to you. I told you she's gone."

"Why is she gone? You put me down in a quite un¬conscionable manner in order to keep her sweet—"

"I told you I'm sorry for doing that. And I am," he said with considerable vehemence.

"So you broke off with her in some fit of remorse over hurting me?"

"No. I should never have had any concern about her opinion of me." He grimaced, then glowered at Sophie, his eyes burning with a heat that sizzled with male sexuality. "I have no excuse for not defending you. In effect, you made me realise that I didn't want Evonne Carstairs in my life any more. Not for any¬thing."

"Well, that's a step in the right direction," Sophie drawled, feeling a very primitive wave of exultation over this admission. Maybe Cheryl Hughes was right, and she was teaching him a different appreciation of women. Sophie liked his phrase about the honours going to her this afternoon.

She remembered the accidental step he had taken in the filing room, the desire for her that had swept ev¬erything else from his mind. She suddenly had the feeling that he was remembering it, too, and her heart skittered nervously as she wondered if he wanted to explore that kind of possibility between them in the future he was offering her.

She sipped her coffee, giving herself time to con¬sider all Jason Lombard had said so far. Maybe he still wanted to use her for his own ends, then get rid of her at his convenience, but he had apologised very handsomely, and made some considerable amends by fi¬nally having the good judgement to prefer her to Evonne Carstairs.

Besides, there was nothing attractive about being unemployed, and there was quite a bit to be said for a free trip to Tahiti.

"Sophie..." He gave her name a husky softness that sent a delicious thrill down her spine. He frowned as though he had surprised himself with it, then hastily added, "We need to be on first-name terms. Please call me Jason."

"I haven't agreed to anything," she reminded him, but her objections to a reassessment of the future had been substantially eroded.

He made an earnest gesture with his hands, and Sophie thought she detected real caring in his eyes as he said, "What more can I say?"

"It's a matter of attitude towards me," she ex¬plained. "Firstly, I find the idea of being used as a lit¬tle distraction personally demeaning. Secondly, if you keep your scheme for the Sullivan reconciliation to yourself, you're going to stuff it up."

"Why do you say that?" he demanded, affronted by the slight on his capabilities.

"You're personally involved in the outcome. You must know as well as I do that any attorney who ad¬vocates his own cause can't be objective. You're bound to stuff it up. You need an independent adviser to keep you out of trouble."

His eyes hardened. "Miss Melville," he bit out in a tone of exasperation, the soft appeasement of Sophie tossed aside in favour of laying down the line of au¬thority. Then he checked himself and reorganised his demeanour to one of amenable reasoning. "I shall listen to whatever advice you wish to give me. But / make the decisions."

To Sophie's mind, an assistant should be in on the decisions, and if Jason Lombard really did respect and admire her, he owed her a few more concessions. "How long do you reckon it will take for this scheme of yours to work?" she asked.

"Three days. Maybe four," he answered confi¬dently.

"You booked accommodation for seven days."

"Some rest and relaxation will undoubtedly be in order after we've tied everything back together again. Do you have some objection to that?"

"None at all. If there's time." She smiled. "I'll make a deal with you."
"What do you have in mind?" he asked warily.

"You can make the decisions for the first four days. If your scheme hasn't worked by then, you give me a free hand with the decision-making for the rest of our week there."

He sucked in a long breath and heaved a very deep sigh. His eyes glittered a rueful appreciation of her bargaining ability. "You are a damned hard woman, Miss Melville!"

"And you are a damned hard man, Mr. Lom¬bard!" she retorted.

"It's a deal," he conceded. "Call me Jason."

She gave him her brightest smile this time. "Then we're back to Sophie."

He stared at her mouth for several seconds, ema¬nating the kind of feeling that suggested to Sophie that he would like very much to ravish it into submission. A little tingle of excitement spread through her veins. She never had liked weak men. On the other hand, she didn't fancy being dominated, either. What she wanted with Jason Lombard was a real sense of part¬nership.

He recollected himself and got back to business. "Are you prepared to fly out with me next Friday? I've organised Randy—"

"Too late," she said. "The news is already out. If you don't have both Gail and Randy in Bora Bora by Monday, the whole scheme will be blown."

"How could the news get out?" he demanded, ap¬palled at the possibility that his plans might be wrecked before he could put them into effect. "I only told my mother this afternoon, and she promised not to say a word."

"Randy Sullivan's travel agent had her hair done today."

"Oh, my God!"

"You can count on half of Sydney knowing it by tomorrow." "That fast?"

"Every woman knows you get the real news at the hairdressers'."
He groaned. "What the hell do we do now?"

"Reorganise the arrangements," she advised. "And use what influence you have to keep Gail secluded until we can all fly out."

He sipped his coffee while he cogitated over So¬phie's advice, apparently seeing its good sense and accepting the necessity of plotting a new course. So¬phie waited patiently, pleased with the way things were developing between them. She reflected that he hadn't once stared at her hair, which surely meant he ac-cepted it as part and parcel of the person she was. Which was another step in the right direction!

"Right!" he said, putting his cup down with firm precision. His silver-grey eyes gleamed with satisfac¬tion. "I can keep everything stable for a few days. We fly out Monday evening."

"Great!" Sophie approved.

"Finished your coffee?"

“Ready to leave,'' she affirmed.                          

He signalled the waiter for the bill, took out his wallet from an inner coat pocket, and also a thick en¬velope, which he handed across to Sophie.

"What's in this?" she asked suspiciously.   
"Wages for the week. Agony money. Clothing ex¬penses for the trip."

Her blue eyes widened in astonishment. "How do you measure agony?"

"It's a trick we lawyers have," he said dryly. "We inevitably end up measuring everything in money terms."

Sophie buttoned down her sense of outrage. It was clear to her that Jason Lombard needed to have his thinking retrained, and she was just the person to do it. After all, she had obviously made a strong impres¬sion on his thinking this afternoon and had already made several inroads on it tonight, as well. With more opportunities to whip him into shape, he might very well turn out to be the right man for her.

In the meantime, she was curious to know the amount of compensation he thought she deserved for the hurt he had given her.

"I'll count it carefully when I get home," she said. "And see how far you're out." "Let me know the shortfall." - "Oh, I certainly will," said Sophie. "I'll give you my best advice on it."

He caught the mocking note in her voice and flashed her a wary look that gave Sophie the impression he found her uncomfortably unpredictable. Maybe it was that element about her that drove him out of his mind. Or it could be the physical chemistry, Sophie rea¬soned. Whatever it was, she had certainly shaken him up. Which was all to the good.

He seemed to greet the arrival of the bill with relief. He threw down some notes and rose abruptly to his feet. "I should pay..." Sophie began to protest.

He made a dismissive gesture, and the proudly de¬termined look on his face brooked no opposition. Ja¬son Lombard was set on recovering his position as master of the situation, and Sophie decided this was not an issue worth fighting over. With a sigh of resig¬nation she rose from the table.

"May I see you home?" he asked with gentlemanly courtesy.

"Well, if your car is parked outside our apartment block, there's not much point in our going separate ways," she said, her own pride insisting she not ap¬pear too submissive to his will.

As they made their exit from the restaurant, an im¬portant thought occurred to Sophie. She knew how much her wage should be, but how was she going to separate the agony money from the clothes money? 

She was contemplating how to pose this delicate question when she felt a strong male hand wrap itself warmly and firmly around hers.

She slid a sideways glance at the man beside her, wondering what he meant by it. He was looking down the street, apparently wrapped in his own thoughts and unaware that he had done anything untoward. Then his fingers started playing over hers in a slow experi¬mental caress, as though he would like to get under her skin.
Which was precisely what was happening.

The contact was stirring a range of physical re¬sponses that were very distracting to Sophie's train of thought. She barely stopped her own fingers from ex-ploring the feel of his.

What did he think he was doing? Holding hands didn't fit into her idea of a straight employer-employee relationship. Not that she wanted one, but this move from him was definitely suspect, coming on top of everything else. Having gained her acceptance to his proposition, did he now think he could do anything he liked with her? Whenever he liked?

"Why are you holding my hand?" she blurted out.
He gave her a surprised look. "I'm protecting you from tripping in the dark."

"Oh!" said Sophie. It was a few more moments before she observed that the street was quite well lit. She threw his profile another surreptitious glance and saw that his lips wore a slight upward curve that smacked of self-satisfaction.

"I wouldn't want you to forget about male prob¬lems," she fired at him.

"Believe me, Sophie, they are at the forefront of my mind," he smoothly assured her.

Sophie found this remark highly disturbing. Snatching her hand away from his seemed overly prissy. Better to ignore it, she decided, and try to switch both their minds onto something else.

Which brought her back to the thick envelope he had given her. "What figure did you arrive at for covering my clothing expenses for the trip?" she asked.

"My mother worked that out, so it should be about right," he said.

"Well, what did she decide?"

He sighed. "Since you've only recently changed your hair from brown to, uh, that rather unique shade of red, you obviously need an entirely new wardrobe for this trip so you can create the right impression. My mother figured three thousand dollars should cover everything, so that's what I put in the envelope."

"Three..." Sophie swallowed hard and bit her lips. Who was she to question a woman who was promot¬ing her cause? From the pained patience in Jason Lombard's voice, apparently Mrs. Whitlow, who had so admired Sophie's stand this afternoon, had given her son quite a haranguing stream of advice.

"What impression am I supposed to create?" she asked. "Am I supposed to be demure, or quietly so¬phisticated, or—"

"With your hair?" he said incredulously. "No way! My mother's right. You go for a totally dazzling im¬age. Since you already stand out from the crowd, you take it all the way with your clothes. But nothing cheap. Classy flamboyant was the way my mother put it. Make it a very stylish affair."

Sophie was liking Jason's mother more by the min¬ute. "What kind of clothes do you think would be suitably stylish?"

"I forgot to bring the list. As I recall, it had two bi¬kinis, some mix and match shorts and tops, a few classy casual numbers for dinner and a couple of those sarong things. But you can change that to whatever you like."

"I take it that this image is to impress the Sullivans?"

"Yes."

"A distraction."

"Yes." Then he hastily added, "Though, of course, I will listen to your advice, Sophie."

"Where does your mother usually shop, Jason?" Sophie asked curiously.

"Oh, everywhere," he answered vaguely. "Though, come to mention it, she did say to tell you Double Bay had a good range of those things. Might save you some time looking around. You'll only have tomor¬row to shop."
That accounted for the three thousand, Sophie thought. Double Bay was one of the most exclusive shopping centres in Sydney, chock-a-block with de¬signer wear.

Sophie noticed a top-of-the-line BMW parked at the kerb in front of her apartment block. "Your car?"

"Yes."

"Well, I'm perfectly safe from here," Sophie, said, starting to disengage her hand.

His grip tightened. "I'll see you to your door. Your friend asked me to."

Somehow Sophie felt much more conscious of him beside her once they were inside the building. He did not release her hand until they were on the landing outside the first-floor flat she and Mia occupied. Then she was all thumbs as she fumbled in her handbag for her key. He waited patiently, not moving away. It was quite a relief to find the key and shove it into the lock.

She turned towards him, feeling hopelessly fluttery inside. He searched her eyes intently for a few nerve-tingling moments, then his mouth curved into a smile that was so full of male confidence and satisfaction that Sophie wondered if she had revealed how vulner¬able she was to his physical appeal.

"I'll come by for you on Monday morning," he said. "Eight-thirty."

"You don't need to do that," Sophie protested in a somewhat breathless voice.

"You'll have luggage with you. Besides, I want to make sure you don't change your mind."

He had thought about kissing her. Sophie was sure of it. The fact that he had decided to play safe for the sake of keeping her on line for the job ahead of them in no way diminished the desire, which could wait for a more propitious time and place.

"I'll be ready," she assured him. Ready to take ap¬propriate action if he came on to her too fast at Bora Bora, she sternly advised herself. She opened the door, stepped inside the flat, then gave him a cheeky grin before closing the door on him. "Good night, Jason. Better go home and consult the omens."
