
Sophie was riding a high for the rest of the day. Not only had she finally escaped from the depressing ranks of the unemployed, she had a marvellous feeling this job was just right for her. In the seven years of her working life Sophie had never once felt that, despite the variety of positions she had held.

Sometimes, in the temporary jobs she had taken, she had been invited to stay on and become a perma¬nent employee, but she had never been tempted to take up the option. Perhaps the lure of foreign places had blocked her mind to possibilities, but Sophie didn't think so. There hadn't been anything uniquely special for her in those jobs.

Not like with Jason Lombard.

Working for him was going to be the most exciting challenge of her life. His tests and tricks and tactics compelled her to think as she had never thought be-fore, and it was exhilarating to know she had got the better of him today, making him change his mind about his initial judgement of her. She could hardly wait for tomorrow.

The afternoon sped by in the joy of spreading the good news. Mia instantly took credit for making Sophie look outstanding. Her parents were delighted to hear their daughter had finally found employment in Sydney. There was nothing on offer for young people in the country town where they lived. Now they could stop worrying about Sophie.

At six o'clock, Mia came bursting into the small flat she and Sophie shared. Her short blonde bob had been clipped much shorter during the day and was now a gleaming copper. "I decided red is a lucky colour," she declared, twirling around their tiny kitchen to show off the new look.

"Very chic." It was Sophie's standard response to all of Mia's frequent changes of style and colour. She tactfully refrained from mentioning that linking red with luck was highly questionable.

"And now begins the celebration!" Mia cried, pro¬ducing a bottle of white wine from her bag.

"Oh, Mia! You shouldn't have! I owe you too much already," Sophie chided, but her pleasure in her friend's generosity could not be denied.

"Rubbish! After you rang and told me of your brilliant handling of the interview and getting a month's trial out of Jason Lombard, some carousing was definitely in order. What are you cooking?"

"It's only a chicken stir-fry."

"Smells great! Anything that somebody else cooks for me always tastes delicious," Mia rattled on at top speed. Words spilled from her lips with machine-gun rapidity. "And I've got a delicious piece of news for an appetiser. I've been dying to tell you ever since I heard, but I made myself wait for this moment."

Mia's hands were as busy as her tongue. The cork came out of the wine bottle with a loud plop. "Ge-ronimo!" she cried merrily, grabbed two glasses off the shelf near the refrigerator and filled them in a trice. She handed one to Sophie then lifted the other in a toast. "Success! How sweet it is!"

"It certainly is!" Sophie heartily agreed. She took a sip of wine then asked, "So what's the news?"

"You'll never guess!" Mia's bright brown eyes danced with gossipy glee. 

"After you rang me, I was so excited for you, I was nattering away to one of my clients about your successful interview, and she said-"

A pause for dramatic affect. Mia adored making the most of every story, and she was very good at it.

"Go on," Sophie eagerly encouraged.

Mia's finely plucked eyebrows waggled up and down, "—your new boss, Jason Lombard, had a long-standing affair with Gail Kingston before she married Randy Sullivan. What do you think of that connection?"

For some reason Sophie inwardly shied away from it, as though the connection was distasteful. Yet his¬tory was history. It would be unnatural for a man as clever and good-looking as Jason Lombard not to have had various involvements with women.

"I guess it accounts for his interest in what's hap¬pening to them now," Sophie said slowly.

"And maybe accounts for why he's never mar¬ried," Mia speculated, hitching herself onto a stool and kicking her shoes off. "According to my source, he hasn't been seriously linked with any other woman."

Sophie gave the fried rice a stir. "Well, if it was a long-standing affair, he had plenty of time to marry her if that's what he wanted."

"Probably didn't suit at the time. Both of them with busy separate careers," Mia reasoned. "Then Randy swooped onto the scene and carried her off to star¬dom with him. And the titillating part is, Jason Lom¬bard was best man at their wedding.''

Sophie frowned. "Then he must be friends with both of them."

"Mmm... Interesting, isn't it?" Mia's eyes spar¬kled at the possibility of more juicy scandal. "Do you suppose he's doing some counselling and consoling with gorgeous Gail right now?"
A picture of the strikingly beautiful Gail Sullivan flashed into Sophie's mind. She had long, straight, honey-coloured hair. Natural and elegant. Somehow that image tarnished the bright shine of Sophie's day.

"I've no idea," she murmured, discomfited by the memory of Jason Lombard brooding over her solu¬tion to the Sullivan problem. "He made no personal reference to her," she added to kill that line of specu¬lation. She didn't like it, and she didn't want Mia to pursue it.

It took Sophie quite a while to figure out why she didn't like it. The question nagged at the edge of her Blind through the celebration dinner and was still nagging hours later as she lay in the dark of the nar¬row little bedroom she sublet from Mia. When the answer finally hit her, she felt quite shocked by it.

How could she possibly consider Jason Lombard hers? They had only met today, for heaven's sake! Apart from which, he might be up to ten years older than her. Virtually a different generation. Which was fine for an employer, but she had to be off her brain to feel attracted to the man, or to want him to feel at-tracted to her.

It simply wasn't suitable.

It could play havoc with her concentration on the job, and she needed the job.

Sophie squirmed as she remembered almost smoth¬ering him with kisses. He must have wondered what on earth he had got himself into in giving her a month's trial. It had been such a mad thing for her to do. But then, he had been just as mad with his omens and dart throwing.

She smothered the grin that erupted from the sweet recollection of beating him at his own game. Strict decorum from now on, she promised herself. Above  all, she had to control any female urges around him. If Gail Sullivan represented Jason Lombard's taste in women, he wasn't about to see his new personal assis¬tant as a woman he wanted to invite into his private life. There was absolutely no sense in thinking of him in any other light than employer.

Sophie carried that firm resolution to work with her the next morning. From where she lived at Lindfield, it was a twenty-minute train trip to North Sydney. Nevertheless, she took no risks on punctuality. She caught an early train and arrived at her place of busi¬ness with fifteen minutes to spare.

The receptionist arrived at the same time. Her name was Cheryl Hughes, and while she still seemed to be continually distracted by Sophie's hair, she kindly showed Sophie to the office she was to occupy.

Predictably enough, it had a connecting door to Mr. Lombard's office, and was comprehensively equipped with every aid for communication purposes. Sophie extracted some other important information from Cheryl, so that when Jason Lombard arrived at pre¬cisely nine o'clock, she was in the act of placing a cup of coffee on his desk, made exactly to his liking.

She gave him a bright, welcoming smile. "Good morning, Mr. Lombard."

It caught him by surprise. He stared at her, not for as long as he had yesterday, but long enough for So¬phie to feel her heart hop, skip and jump. He looked very manly in his grey suit.

"Good morning, Miss Melville," he finally re¬turned, then closed the door behind him with slow deliberation. "Kind of you to bring me coffee," he said as he moved forward. "Please make yourself a cup and join me. Then we'll get started on the busi¬ness of the day."

Smooth, pleasant, taking command with an effort¬less ease that shrugged off any second thoughts he might have had about giving her a trial run. Sophie released the breath she had been holding and flashed him another bright smile. "Thank you. I'll be right back, Mr. Lombard."

Decorum, she reminded herself sternly, controlling the urge to rush, and forcing herself to walk away from him with conscious grace and perfect deport-ment. She could feel him watching her and hoped he appreciated the efforts she was making to fulfil his re¬quirements. Certainly he could find nothing objec-tionable about her navy skirt and white blouse. They were nothing if not conservative. And decorous.

He was seated behind his desk when she returned. Sophie was conscious of his gaze fastened on her all the way back to him, but she didn't once rattle the cup in its saucer. Which was a major feat, considering the jittery state of her nerves.

He waited until she drew up a chair and sat down opposite him before offering an encouraging little smile. "Now, Miss Melville, let's establish some ground rules for your position as my personal assis¬tant."

Sophie flipped open her notebook and poised her pen ready to write.
"These are unwritten rules, Miss Melville."

She looked up into eyes that sliced into her with the precision of a scalpel.

"Break them at your peril," he intoned in a soft, infinitely dangerous voice.

Sophie took a deep breath. "I'll do my best to re¬member them, Mr. Lombard."

"Better than best. You will remember them, Miss Melville. At all times."

"Yes, sir."

"First and foremost, your position is one of ut¬most confidentiality. You will not breathe a word of my business to anyone unless I instruct you to do so. Then you will carry out my instructions to the letter. Have you got that, Miss Melville?"

"Confidentiality," she repeated, nodding quickly for extra emphasis.

"You do not leak information. You do not gossip. You respect my clients' privacy with the fervour of a nun under a vow of silence. Anything you hear or read in this office stays in this office. Do I make myself clear, Miss Melville?"

His voice was like a whip, and Sophie felt the lash of it on her conscience. But he had not put an em¬bargo of silence on yesterday's interview. He could hardly blame her for talking about that. "My lips are sealed from this moment on, Mr. Lombard," she fer¬vently promised him.

"Above all," he continued bitingly, "you will keep my name and my business, both professional and pri¬vate, out of the endless chatter that undoubtedly goes at the hairdressing salon you frequent, Miss Melville”

There was nothing Sophie could do to stop the rush of hot shaming colour to her cheeks. But Jason Lom¬bard couldn't possibly know about her showing his initial rejection letter to the sympathetic lady who was seated next to her in the salon on Friday. And he couldn't know about her association with Mia, ei¬ther.

Yet there was a horribly knowing look in the steely grey eyes observing the progress of her fiery blush. Sophie thought she would hate to be a witness being cross-examined by him. He was sharp and shrewd and didn't miss a trick. But since her job depended on outfacing him, she would outface him if it killed her.

"Check list," she said in a quick, snappy voice. "Strict adherence to holy orders. Nun's vows. Walls of privacy kept intact. Silence at hairdressers'. Under penalty of death." She projected limpid innocence into her blue eyes. "Does that cover everything, Mr. Lombard?"

"Admirably, Miss Melville," he said dryly.

"Anything else?" she asked.

"Do you have a current passport?"

"Yes, Mr. Lombard."

"Do you live with anyone?"

"Yes."

"Man or woman?"

"Woman."

"Friend or lover?"

"Really!" Sophie protested. "That's a bit per¬sonal, isn't it?"

He shrugged. "No offense meant."

"You ask all your employees about their living ar¬rangements?"

"What I am trying to elicit, Miss Melville, is whether or not you can accompany me at a moment's notice. I'm prepared to give consideration to the fact that my requirements could cause personal difficul¬ties in your private life. If you have a lover, male or female..."

"I don't!" Sophie declared with some vehemence. "And you?"

"What?"

"Well, I ought to know what I'm travelling with, and you brought up the subject," Sophie argued.

His eyebrows shot up. "You're asking me if I have a lover?"

"Male or female? There must be some reason that you're not married. You're fairly old___"

He stiffened. "I am thirty-three, Miss Melville."

"Oh! Is that all?" Sophie breathed, absurdly pleased that he was only eight years older. It wasn't so much of a gap to cross.

"And I do not consider I'm over the hill as far as women are concerned," he bit out as though he would like to sink his teeth into her for having the temerity to suggest he couldn't get himself a woman whenever he wanted. "There are reasons for not being mar¬ried...."

"like what?" Sophie asked curiously. It would be if she could get the Gail Sullivan matter cleared

"Like being too busy building a business to give a ¦urriage the time it needs if it's to work," he grated.

"Okay. Fair enough," she soothed. Mia could be right about busy careers.

His eyes glittered over her in such a hot, pointed fashion that Sophie almost squirmed in her seat. The challenge to his manhood had certainly stirred a re-sponse in him. He looked as though he would like to throw her down on the floor, rip off her clothes and comprehensively show her the full extent of his male-ness.

Sophie found it such a tantalising thought that her breasts started tingling with excitement. She felt her nipples tighten and quickly picked up her cup of cof-fee, holding it with both hands to sip at it, thereby covering up any telltale response to the primitive blaze of desire she had unwittingly provoked.

His hand jerked out for his cup and he grimaced in annoyance as he wrenched his gaze from her and glared at the coffee she had made for him. "How did we get onto that subject?" he muttered.

"Lovers," she reminded him.

A slash of red speared across his cheekbones. "Then we have comprehensively dismissed that aspect of our association," he stated grimly.

"No, we haven't," Sophie disagreed. "Do you have a lover, Mr. Lombard?"

"I can handle my private life myself, Miss Mel¬ville," he bit out caustically.
“Then I won't cause any jealous scenes or interfere with the passions in your life?" Sophie asked.

"No chance!"

The vehement reply left Sophie with no ground to probe any further. 

"Oh, good!" she said dismissively, but she wasn't sure if it was good or not. She rather relished the idea of a passionate scene with Ja¬son Lombard.

They drank their coffee in a silence that twanged with tension. Suddenly they were no longer employer and employee but man and woman, intensely aware of their own and each other's sexuality. Sophie couldn't help exulting that Jason Lombard was attracted to her after all. If only physically. Who knew what else could develop between them in the month stretching ahead?

Maybe it wasn't so unsuitable.

Thirty-three was not too old for her. There was a lot to be said for maturity and experience. Nevertheless, as pleasant as it was to daydream of having Jason Lombard as hers, Sophie was still conscious of not doing anything to jeopardise her job with him.

He finished his coffee, cleared his throat and made a curt announcement. "This is your first assignment. You are to obtain all the necessary information to get from here to Bora Bora and back again. Flight times, flight connections..."

"Ah! The Sullivan wrangle!" said Sophie with deep satisfaction. "That shows you have an open mind."

He winced. "Also the availability of rooms at the Hotel Bora Bora."

"They're not rooms," she said. "They're fares!'

He sighed deeply. "All right. The availability of fares:'

"You'll want them on the beach front, won't you? More romantic that way. And right next to each other. That should help." Sophie was so pleased that he wanted Gail Sullivan back with her husband, she was delighted to help in any way she could.

Unaccountably his voice held irritation as he dic¬tated. "The availability of three fares on the beach front, all next to each other, at the Hotel Bora Bora."

Marvellous, Sophie thought. One for the Sullivans, one for Jason Lombard and one for herself. "We'll have to get moving on the visas, as well," she said. "I'll do yours at the same time as mine."

He stood up in a very aggressive mode, white knuckles pressing on his desk. "Who said you were going?"

Sophie looked at him in mild reproof. "In a matter as delicate as this, how can you do without me? And anyway, it was my idea in the first place." Besides, why would he ask about her passport if he didn't in¬tend taking her?

He sat down very slowly and appeared to have a gnawing desire to chew his lower lip. It took him some time to formulate what he wanted to say. "You are a very annoying and exasperating woman, Miss Mel¬ville," he finally clipped out.

"I'll put that on the unwritten rules list. Not to an¬noy or exasperate," Sophie said soothingly.

His mouth thinned into a grimly constrained line. His eyes glittered at her with a hint of lurking ven¬geance. "Are you prepared for anything, Miss Mel¬ville?"

"Certainly, Mr. Lombard."

"Then remember, at all times, that I'm the one in charge of this operation. I don't want you leaping six steps ahead of me. You follow orders."

"I'll do my best to stay behind you, Mr. Lom¬bard," Sophie assured him earnestly.

He breathed in and out like a dragon ready to at¬tack, but he spoke with controlled precision. "Your orders are that today's assignment must be carried out with the utmost discretion. You bring the informa¬tion I've asked for to me. Then I'll do the necessary bookings as and when I choose. Use discretion and tact, Miss Melville. I want no connection made to this office or me. You must pretend that you personally want the information. Is that understood?"

"Yes, Mr. Lombard. Discretion and tact, as well. No problem."

"Then go find a travel agency, Miss Melville, and get moving on it."
"Yes, sir. Full speed, no brake."

She leapt to her feet and gathered the coffee cups from the desk. Images of sharing a tropical paradise with Jason Lombard flashed across Sophie's mind. Pleasurable anticipation zinged through her heart.

While she had to adjust her thinking to stay behind his planning speed, she could certainly put an oar in the works if Gail Sullivan looked like being the centre of his attention. All in all, the future was definitely bright.

Jason Lombard watched the fascinating undula¬tion of feminine movement as Sophie Melville sallied off to do his bidding. With a supreme act of will he lifted his gaze to the fiery halo of ridiculous ringlets. Keep looking at her hair, he sternly advised himself. A woman with hair like that could not hold any fasci¬nation for him.

He frowned and shook his head over the incredible agility of her mind. Feed her one piece of informa¬tion and she leapt ahead to devastating conclusions. And those vivid blue eyes were an absolute mantrap, the way they kept changing with intriguing expres¬sions. Sophie Melville was fast becoming a very dis¬turbing element in his life. But if he kept looking at her hair, that would surely provide safe anchorage.
