Sophie was woken by a sharp rap on the fare door. It only took a moment for her to realise she was alone. The bed was cold where Jason had lain. There was no sound from the bathroom. He had left her to sleep on without him.

"Miss Melville," a voice lilted from outside.

"Yes? Come in," Sophie called, quickly dragging a sheet over her nakedness.

One of the Polynesian staff entered, her dark eyes flashing teasingly at the tumbled state of the bed as she grinned at Sophie and her ragged attempt at modesty. She carried a number of leis over her arm and she proceeded to set them out on the bed Sophie had va¬cated last night.

"Mr. Lombard said to bring you all these. They are to make you feel as beautiful as you are.'' The dark eyes sparkled with pleasure in the romantic message. "That's what he told me to tell you."

"Thank you," Sophie replied, both relieved and warmed by the gesture. She instinctively shied away from the thought that last night might have been a terrible mistake. It couldn't be. She wouldn't let it be, she thought wildly.

"Do you know where Mr. Lombard is now?" she asked.

"Gone on the Vehia with Mrs. Sullivan."

Sophie frowned. "What's the Vehia?"

"The big sailing boat. It takes guests on a picnic cruise around the lagoon. They will be gone all day."

Sophie heaved a sigh of disappointment, even though it was what she had to expect, given the situ¬ation with Gail.

"But Mr. Lombard, he is thinking of you, Miss Melville," the lei-bearer said archly as she made her exit, leaving Sophie on an uplifting note.

The problem was, Sophie did not really know what Jason thought of her, apart from wanting her very badly. Yet it was impossible to regret giving in to him last night. How often did the right person coincide with the right time and place for something uniquely special to happen?

It was a question that niggled at her mind all day. Jason would undoubtedly be anticipating that she would share his bed for the rest of their stay on Bora Bora, but with the way things were turning out, there wasn't going to be much other sharing. If any. Which reduced what was happening between them to a very sexual affair, and Sophie wanted far more than that.

Live for the day, a tempting little voice whispered in her head. Since it was impossible to go back, the only way was forward. I will be happy, no matter what, Sophie finally resolved.

It was a resolution she valiantly held to until she watched the Vehia come in from its cruise. She had settled on a sun lounger on Pointe Raititi for this very purpose, since it gave the most encompassing view of all that could be seen from the beach. The guests on the deck of the large catamaran looked happy and re¬laxed, as though they didn't have a care in the world. Sophie felt a deep stab of envy. They had all shared a companionable day while she waited on tenterhooks for what would happen next.

Pride insisted that she not appear to be waiting for anything. For all she knew, Jason would be with Gail for hours yet. She settled back on the lounger and dosed her eyes, determined to be detached and aloof until she was given reason to be otherwise.

Nevertheless, she couldn't resist watching the path from the quay through the veil of her lashes. She wanted to see if Jason was holding Gail's hand, how they looked together. Perhaps it was stupid of her to feel threatened by their former relationship, but she couldn't help wondering how and when love died. She didn't want that to happen to her.

Her heart gave a kick of pleasurable relief when she saw Jason striding out ahead of the disembarking group. He had not waited to escort Gail anywhere. He must have spotted Sophie, been looking for her while he was still on board the Vehia, because his gaze was trained on her from the moment he came into sight.

He stopped at the Pofai Beach Bar, apparently to order drinks, but he kept his eye on Sophie, not once glancing to check on where Gail was. Sophie didn't bother checking, either. It didn't matter. Being the focus of Jason's attention was too marvellous a sen¬sation to give up for anything.
He must have asked the bar attendant what she liked to drink. He carried a Chi Chi cocktail when he re¬sumed his beeline for her. He was smiling, a look of happy anticipation on his face. Sophie stayed pre¬cisely where she was, pretending that she had not seen him, but every nerve in her body was singing with hope and pleasure.

"Sophie..." She fluttered her eyelashes open as though in surprise. He bent and pressed his lips softly to hers. "I've missed you. Missed you all day."

"Hello to you, too," she said huskily, lifting a hand to trail a light caress down his bare chest.

"You're not wearing my leis."

"I thought they'd wilt in the sun."

"I brought you a drink."

Their eyes spoke other words. Is it all right? Has anything changed? Can we keep on going from where we left off last night? They searched and found assur¬ance that the sense of togetherness had not been shaken by the day apart.

"How did it go with Gail?" Sophie asked.

He grimaced. "Useless. It all rests with Randy now. Thank heaven he's coming tomorrow. If only I can persuade him to be reasonable, something might be salvaged."

He pulled up another lounger and sat on it, avidly running his eyes over her as she sipped the cocktail. "I looked for you as we were sailing past. And here you were like a siren of old, calling to me," he said, smil¬ing into her eyes. "Fire-red hair and a hot yellow swimsuit singing out my name."

"You don't like my hair," Sophie said ruefully.

He laughed. "I'm beginning to adore your hair. It simply takes some getting used to. Besides, it's you."

Sophie wasn't sure what he meant by that but it sounded as though he no longer wanted to find any fault in her, that whatever encompassed her person or personality could only find favour with him. She wondered if that was truly so, or if the power of all the reaching out and the giving in the act of making love together simply erased all petty criticisms.

"What's on the menu tonight?" she asked. "Apart from me."

"Gail wants to meet you."

Sophie laughed outright. "You can't be serious! Gail wants to meet me as much as she wants a mi¬graine headache."

"It's her decision."

She leaned over and took his hand. "Tell me this, Jason. Apart from your mother, every woman per¬sonally acquainted with you has been utterly bitchy to me. Why is that?"

"Because you're bold and bright and beautiful, and they can't compete with you," he rattled off as though it was perfectly obvious.

Sophie looked at him agape. "Is that what you think?"

He took her cocktail glass and set it down on the sand, then pulled her upright with him. "I think you're intelligent, vivacious and infinitely attractive. And I desire you madly."

He proved the latter claim by kissing her there and then in full view of anyone who cared to be looking. His desire was so obvious, and his kiss so stirring, that when his lips finally parted from hers, a sense of mu¬tual and urgent accord started them walking down the beach towards their fare.

The sun was much lower in the sky when Sophie stirred from their bed to prepare for dinner with Gail Sullivan. She felt totally revitalised from Jason's ex¬quisite lovemaking, and full of confidence for the evening ahead. Adrenalin zinged through her body as she showered and applied the appropriate war paint to meet the woman who had claimed most of Jason's at¬tention for the past two days.

Gail Sullivan might have succumbed to curiosity about the new woman in Jason's life, but Sophie had no illusions about being offered an olive branch of peace and friendship. She hoped she was wrong, but all her female instincts warned her that Gail did not want to relinquish her claim on the man who had once been her lover.

Jason took over the bathroom as soon as Sophie emerged. She was already dressed and doing her nails when he reappeared. She whirled around for him to admire the jumpsuit she wore. The stretch fabric was a wild swirl of royal blue, lime green, hot pink and white. It hugged her body like a second skin, and the colourful swirls were cleverly designed to emphasise every feminine curve. It was definitely the most flam¬boyantly sexy outfit she had bought.

"Like it?" she asked.

"Stunning!" Jason said with satisfactory fervour.

"Stylish?"

"On you it is, Sophie. You've got the perfect figure to carry it off.'' He grinned. "But don't ever wear it to the office. I'd never get any work done."

“You'd only have eyes for me?"

He laughed. "It just about knocks my eyes out!"

Good! thought Sophie. She felt the need to go to dinner tonight with all guns firing. Eat your heart out, Gail Sullivan, she thought vehemently. Jason is not yours for the picking anymore. He's mine!

Sophie was even more pleased when Jason dressed to complement her outfit. His lime green sports shirt and white pants made her feel more firmly coupled with him. To cement them further, he linked her arm possessively with his as they strolled across the lawn to Gail's fare.

There was no doubt in Sophie's mind that Gail had gone all out for the kill, as well. She came swanning out in a swishy off-the-shoulder white gauze peasant dress that featured a festival of pastel ribbons and lace inserts. Ultra-feminine. Especially with her long mane of caramel hair teased into casual disarray. That alone must have taken her hours, Sophie thought, meeting the tigerish eyes of the other woman with limpid blue coolness.

Sophie was not about to be rattled by anything to¬night. Jason might have been drawn to the more nat¬ural look in sophisticated women in the past, but despite that inclination, he had found Sophie not only desirable, but irresistible. There was no doubt in her mind that she was the woman in possession at the moment, and she was not averse to driving that point home to Gail. Besides, it might make the other woman reconsider her position with Randy. Which was what Jason wanted.

He smoothly performed a formal introduction, which was negotiated with sweet politeness by both women. Fortunately the path was wide enough for three abreast, and they strolled up to the hotel to¬gether. At Jason's suggestion they settled in the Ma-tira Bar for a pre-dinner drink.

It was the perfect place for watching the sunset, which was utterly spectacular this evening. The cane armchairs with their brightly patterned cushions were set on swivel bases so they could be turned in any di¬rection. It was an open-air room, and the bamboo railing and posts that supported the thickly plaited pandanus roof were minimal interruptions to the fab¬ulous view.

The initial blaze of glory in the sky gradually faded to a soft pink, and the water shimmered with unbe¬lievable light changes, from silvery aqua to a soft beige. Sophie commented on it as they sipped their drinks, saying she had never seen anything so intriguingly beautiful.

It was a harmless conversational remark, but Gail seized on it to fire off a patronising barb. "It must be very exciting for you to come here, Sophie," she said with an air of world-weariness, as though she had seen it all a thousand times before.

"Yes, it is," Sophie agreed with an appreciative smile.

"Youth is so enthusiastic," Gail said with sweet condescension. "When you've travelled far more ex¬tensively, as I have done, these things are seen in bet¬ter proportion."

"Well, I hope I never lose my enthusiasm for beauty," Sophie replied just as sweetly. "I spent most of the past three years exploring Europe, and I loved every minute of it. Though I must admit I've only flown over the Pacific until now."

She paused to let that considerable range of worldly experience sink in, then fired a beneficial barb at Gail. "This beautiful island has opened my eyes to another world. And, I think, a much nicer one. It puts one back in touch with nature and the kind of values that we tend to overlook in our normal lives."

"Oh, really?" One finely arched eyebrow lifted sardonically. "What values are those?"

Sophie directed a broad smile at Jason. "Basic ones. Like a man and a woman finding out what they want with each other, without any outside pressures twist¬ing up their minds."

Jason's eyes twinkled appreciation of her attempt to prepare the way for Randy's arrival, but Gail didn't like the private little intimacy between Jason and So¬phie one bit. She made a pointed production of fin¬ishing her drink, then without waiting for them to do likewise, she stood up with an air of impatience.

"Shall we move into the dining room?"

They obliged her.

As soon as they were seated and handed menus, Gail opened up another attack. "What an original idea for you to dye your hair inferno red, Sophie!"

Sophie laughed. "Rather bright, isn't it? But Jason likes it, don't you, darling?"

"Yes. Very striking," he came in on cue.

"In fact, all the women in the office admired it so much, they went to my hairdresser to have theirs done the same," Sophie pressed on, determined to frus¬trate Gail's attempt to score a hit on her.

Gail looked at Jason incredulously. "You have an office full of red-haired women?"

"Yes," he said with a dry little smile. "Very be¬coming."

Gail's eyes glittered with the need to drive some wedge into their united front. "How do you find Ja¬son to work for, Sophie?" she asked condescend¬ingly.

Oh, no, you don't, Sophie thought with venom. I'm more than his office assistant, so let's have no prefence about it! She studiously examined her hot-pink fingernails, which, surprisingly, did not clash with her hair, then wriggled them playfully as she addressed Gail's question, her eyes meeting the other woman's with a full blue blast of female gratification.

"Jason is a great lover," she stated decisively. "No question about that."

Jason's foot came into sharp contact with her shin under the table.

Undeterred, Sophie smiled fatuously at him. "Aren't you, darling?"

"I try," he said despairingly, recognising that the gloves were off and any hope of a friendly dinner had just disintegrated. "Now shall we concentrate on the menu and get our order together?" he suggested in a plea for a truce.

"Oh, what an original idea!" said Sophie brightly.

She scintillated through the whole meal while Gail sniped with all the ammunition she could muster. The more sour Gail's comments, the brighter Sophie's responses became. She gave the bubbliest performance of her life, loving the food, loving the wine and shooting a multitude of loving looks at Jason, who was most definitely caught between the devil and the deep blue sea.

He struggled valiantly to hold on to a neutral posi¬tion throughout the ongoing battle. By the time they rose from the table, Gail had accepted defeat and had nothing at all to say as they walked back to their fares.

Sophie, however, had something to say when she and Jason reached the privacy of their living room.

"How could you have loved that woman?" she de¬manded. "She's so full of herself!"

There was a wash of pain across his face. "Don't, Sophie! You've had your pound of flesh tonight. Let it go."

His words stabbed straight to her heart. He might have supported her in front of Gail, but it seemed that his underlying loyalty lay with the other woman. It suddenly struck home to Sophie that she couldn't wipe out a relationship that had spanned many years. It had a shared solidity that gave it lasting power.

She had won the battle tonight but quite possibly she had lost the war in her blind need for supremacy in Jason's life. She should have been supporting him in his purpose instead of putting him into a no-win situation in having to support her against Gail.

"I'm sorry," she said stiffly. "I didn't set out to hurt you."

He took in her stricken face, winced at his own abruptness with her, then reached out and drew her into his embrace. Sophie stiffened against him. Couldn't help herself. She knew this was some deci¬sive moment in their understanding of each other.

"I don't like to see any human being hurt, So¬phie," he said quietly. He reached up and gently brushed his knuckles down her cheek. "Not you. Nor Gail. And the deeper pain is hers at the moment."

Guilt and justification warred through Sophie's mind. Would it have served Jason's purpose any bet¬ter if she'd acted like a dumb punching bag for Gail? Didn't the other woman need a good jolt to set the situation to rights? Or was that too simple a view¬point?

"You think what I did tonight was wrong?" she asked, needing to understand Jason's perception of Gail's behaviour.

He heaved a weary sigh. "No. You did nothing wrong, Sophie. It was all perfectly understandable. Gail started it. You finished it."

"But you'd rather I hadn't done that," she con¬cluded from his tone of voice.

"A meeting place was lost," he said with regret that smote her heart.

She had forced him to choose, and he hadn't wanted to choose. Yet Gail was a stepping stone to the past, a past that had left Jason alone, bereft, miserable, dis¬carded. Why should he want to hang on to it? He had said it was over for him. But perhaps it wasn't. Per¬haps he wanted it to be over, but it wasn't.

"Do you still feel hurt by what happened between you and Gail?" Sophie asked, searching for some re¬assurance about her own position with him.

He lifted her chin with his hand, and his eyes burned into hers with a need that sought to obliterate every¬thing else. "Whatever I feel," he said, "you assuage it when you're in my arms."

"You don't want to talk about it?"

"Would you want me to talk to some other person about what you and I have shared, Sophie?"

"No."

"Maybe some day—when the conditions are right— I can tell you everything. But not right now." His eyes begged her forbearance. "Can you accept that?"

"I have to, don't I?" she said, wondering if she was being an absolute fool. Yet as Jason's lips began to graze softly over hers, she knew that she wasn't pre-pared to give up on a future with him.

They made love. Not as wildly and passionately as before. Jason showed a caring and tenderness for her, as if reaching out for something they had not previ¬ously attained. Searching, adoring her body, looking into her eyes, questioning, and for long hours after¬wards, holding her close as she snuggled languidly against him.

On the surface everything seemed perfect, but somehow, in some unknown way, Sophie felt that she had failed Jason. But she didn't know in what way, or how to put it right.
