
Sophie heard the powerful engines of the huge jumbo jet thrum into action. It was too late for her to abort the trip now, and Jason knew it.

She turned her head away from him, ostensibly to watch and pay attention to the safety procedures playing on the movie screen at the front of the cabin. Sophie had heard them all before many times. She did not need to be instructed again. Some clear strain of logic in her mind kept working, ignoring the emo-tional turmoil that swirled around it. Like a movie reel in her brain, it clicked through the sequence of events that had led up to this moment.

Her solution to the Sullivan wrangle had been the starting point. But that had been unworkable unless Jason produced a convincing lover at his side. Obvi-ously he had not wanted to use Evonne Carstairs. Evonne undoubtedly would have tried to turn a con¬venience into a claim. So what he needed was a woman who would serve his purpose and was easily cast off afterwards.

Hence the month's trial for Sophie, who was per¬fect for the part. He was doing her the favour of a high-salaried job for a month, and a free first-class trip to one of the most beautiful tropical islands in the world. Unfortunately all that had blown up in his face last Friday.

Then it was a case of Operation Rescue. The ex¬travagant apologies, the agony money, the clothes money, leaving no stone unturned to get his plan back on course, to bend her to his will. Perhaps the plan looked even better because there was no denying a physical attraction between them. He had subtly tested that again on their walk home from the restaurant.

Her inward churning over his outrageous assump¬tion that she would play along with the lovers scheme gradually simmered to a controllable level as Sophie began to consider if there was any chance left for a future between them. Jason was attracted to her. He was treating her as more of an equal than an under¬ling. Perhaps she was clinging to the hope of the hopeless, but -something in her heart begged her to leave everything open until she had more informa¬tion.

The safety film finished playing. The steward handed them dinner menus and Sophie pretended to study the choices as the plane taxied to its runway for take-off. She was conscious of Jason watching her, patiently waiting for her reaction, probably plotting persuasive responses to any protests she might make. Let him wait, she thought, fiercely resenting the way he had held back on her to ensure a favourable posi¬tion for himself.

When she felt the plane lift off, she closed the menu and looked out the window. This was always the best moment, she thought, the sense of flying away on a new adventure. She watched the lights of Sydney spread out below her, far far below, and wondered if the adventure she was now embarked on would change her life in any significant way. So much depended on the man sitting beside her.

"Sophie..." His patience had obviously run out. The tension in his voice begged some response from her. Any response. He needed something to work on.

She turned to face him, her eyes meeting his in cool challenge. "I've been thinking of the time and effort you've expended in getting me here. The money you've shelled out on dressing me for the part." She paused, then softly added, "This must mean a lot to you, Jason."

He frowned, not expecting such perception from her. His mouth slowly curled into a sardonic little smile. "I don't like untidy endings."

"Neither do I," she said with feeling. Their week together on Bora Bora should sort out what ending they would come to. She offered him a sympathetic smile. "I'll give you all the help you need."

His relief was almost comical until it gave way to a look of speculative calculation on how far she might go in helping him. "I'm glad you see it my way," he said with admirable restraint.

Now for the pay back, Sophie thought, determined that Jason should stew in the scheme he had kept to himself. "It's easy for me," she tripped out, her blue eyes limpid with innocence. "I presume you do real¬ise that in order for your purpose to be achieved, I don't have to pretend to be in love with you."

"You're already in love with me?" he asked in¬credulously.

She laughed. "Of course not! How could I be? You're not thinking straight, Jason. It's not neces¬sary for me to appear besotted with you. Gail and Randy won't care about what I feel. It's what you feel that matters. To bring this off, you have to appear be¬sotted with me. I can simply be myself. Whom you adore to distraction."

He looked decidedly ruffled by this argument.

Sophie's eyes twinkled teasingly at him as she rubbed it in. "Do you think you can manage to de¬liver that? Follow me around as though you can't bear to have me out of touch, let alone out of sight? Keep looking at me as though I'm the most desirable woman in the world? React slavishly to my every word?"

Such a one-sided role did not sit well with his male ego. He frowned, not at all happy with the picture Sophie had drawn. "This could blow up in our faces," he muttered.

"It's your scheme, Jason. The onus of making it convincing is entirely on your shoulders." She laughed with a delicious ripple of anticipation. "I imagine it will be quite a lot of fun for me."

Her amusement was sheer poison to him. The grey eyes glittered with storm signals. "I'll have to think about this," he said grimly.

"Fine! It certainly sounds like a good scheme to me, but let me know if you want to change something when you've thought it all through. In the meantime, I'll just sit back and enjoy myself. Super food they're offering, isn't it?" she added blithely, opening her menu.

The food was indeed splendid. Sophie ate her way through some appetisers, caviar with all its embellish¬ments, a little glass of vodka, a garden salad, exqui-sitely tender and tasty roast beef with vegetables, a fine selection of cheeses and a chocolate mousse with cream.

Jason, she noticed, had very little appetite for any of his meal. Serves him right, Sophie thought, her sense of justice appeased. He had ruined her appetite for the meal at Pommeroys Restaurant.

He showed no appetite for watching the movie, ei¬ther. Or listening to any music. He didn't bother with his earphones at all. Sophie left him to his thinking and happily immersed herself in the story on screen, which was a good enough comedy to make her laugh several times. When it was over, she levered her won¬derfully roomy seat back to its lowest reclining posi¬tion and snuggled down for a few hours' sleep.

She must have dozed off for a while because when her eyes flicked open sometime later, Jason's seat was aligned with hers and he was staring at her as though trying to plumb what made her the way she was.

"Can't you sleep?" she asked kindly, hiding the satisfaction she felt at his puzzlement.

"Perhaps I need a goodnight kiss," he said, giving her a tempting little smile.

Sophie heaved a sigh to still the treacherous flutter in her heart, then closed her eyes again. "Must be missing Evonne," she muttered derisively.

She heard his sigh of frustration and felt justice had been served once again. If he had thought about se¬ducing her into the kind of convenient relationship he had shared with his last social connection, he could think again. Chemistry could be exciting, but Sophie had no intention of becoming a dispensable bed part¬ner.

She drifted back to sleep and did not wake again until the cabin lights came on prior to their landing in Tahiti. Jason was not in his seat. Stealing a march on one of the toilets, she thought, and stirred herself to do the same.

Having tidied and refreshed herself, Sophie re¬turned to her seat to find Jason and a cup of coffee waiting for her. "Good morning," she said with a sunny smile, then sat down and looked out the win¬dow at the rising sun. "It's going to be a fine day."

"Sophie, we need to talk about this scheme," Ja¬son said tersely, demanding her attention.

"Oh, right!" She swung around to face him with another bright smile, inviting the fruit of his thoughts.

Although he had shaved and his general appear¬ance was immaculate, he looked quite haggard around the eyes and somewhat pinched around his mouth. Sophie almost felt sorry for him. But he had to learn she was not a stupid bunny to be manipulated any way he liked. Not with money, nor with sex appeal.

"I can't carry it off without your co-operation," he stated, the grey eyes piercingly intense as they searched hers for any wavering from her previous stand on the lovers scheme.

"I'm a reasonable person," Sophie assured him. "If what you want is reasonable, Jason, I'll certainly oblige."

"Both Gail and Randy know that I'm not a mas¬ochistic fool. It would be unbelievable to them for me to be besotted with a woman who appears to be indif¬ferent to me. At the very least I'll need some show of encouragement from you."

Sophie nodded her understanding. "You're right. A man who calculates things out as cold-bloodedly as you do is not going to get hot-blooded unless he thinks he has a chance of winning."

He frowned at this reading of his character.

"How much encouragement do you think would be reasonable?" Sophie asked, frowning in sympathetic consideration.

His eyes glittered at her with some inward seething, and Sophie had the satisfaction of knowing she was well and truly under his skin at the present moment.

"Can you look as though you enjoy being touched by me?" he asked in a somewhat acid tone.

"Depends on the kind of touch," Sophie answered matter-of-factly, then raised her eyebrows at him. "I trust you don't go in for taking distasteful liberties in public?"

"Not my style," he assured her.

"In that case, I won't mind playing along with the touching." She grinned at him. "I'll give you an ob¬jective sensuality rating when this is over, if you like."

A low growl rumbled in his throat. He took a deep breath to clear the gravelly obstruction but didn't quite succeed. "A few kisses might be in order," he rasped.

Sophie shrugged. "I guess a week in paradise would seem lacking without the odd kiss or two. I'll do my best to whip up the appropriate fervour for them."

"Thank you," he drawled, barely missing bitter sarcasm. "I hope it won't strain your obliging nature too far."

She eyed him speculatively. "Are you good at it?"

"I've never had any complaints."

"Well, it'll be interesting to see if age improves technique. I've never had anyone as old as you as a lover before."

"I'm not that old!" he bit out.

"I didn't say you were too old," Sophie soothed. "Only that-"

"I heard you the first time," he said in terse exas¬peration.

She gave him a worried look. "This isn't going to rebound on my job, is it, Jason? I mean, you have rather landed this scheme on me, and I don't think it falls within the normal course of duties for a personal assistant. Being a pretend lover wasn't in the required qualifications. I can only do my best—"

"Sophie!" He looked driven to the limits of his en¬durance. His eyes flashed a hot challenge. "You said you were prepared for anything."

"Yes, I did. You're absolutely right," she agreed. "I'll give it my best shot. I just hope you're not going to blame me for some failure of yours. That wouldn't be fair."

"I am not going to fail," he stated with vehement determination.

"Fine! That's it, then. I'm to give the appropriate encouragement for you to be utterly besotted," So¬phie recited, then smiled up at the steward who was about to serve them breakfast.

Forty minutes later they were disembarking at Faaa Airport and breathing in the balmy air of the tropics. Although it was only six-thirty in the morning, it was hot and humid enough for Jason to feel uncomfort¬able in his suit. Since they had to wait an hour for their flight to Bora Bora, which lay two hundred and sev¬enty kilometres to the northwest of Tahiti, he left So¬phie at the airport cafe and went off to change his clothes.

Having never seen Jason in anything but a business suit, Sophie suffered a considerable shock to her system when she saw him stripped of his formal finery. The classy executive suddenly emerged as a strikingly attractive male, complete with bronzed muscles and a physique that needed no padding by a master tailor. He wore a royal blue Henley-style top and cotton pants, printed in greys and blues and washed to a comfortable well-worn fade. Every woman seated in the cafe looked him over with admiration and inter¬est.

Sophie learnt a new appreciation of chemistry and biology as Jason sat down next to her and gave her a dazzling smile. "That feels better," he said.

"Looks more the part, as well," Sophie replied dryly. As a pretend lover, he certainly came with the kind of masculine equipment that made pretence easy. At least on the surface. Sophie concentrated hard on remembering that substance was far more important.

"Two hours to blast-off," he remarked with the air of a man who was not looking forward to the task he had set himself. He flicked a wary look at her. "I hope you're ready for it."

"No problem," she answered lightly.

Control was the name of the game, she told herself sternly. Gast-iron control! If she once let him past her guard, Sophie had the distinct feeling that Jason would have no scruples about going for the jugular, if only in retaliation for what she had put him through.

He slept throughout the hour's flight to Bora Bora. Sophie was tempted to wake him to share the breath¬taking sight of the island from the air, but she forced herself to remain businesslike. A good assistant would let her boss restore the energy he would undoubtedly need for the job ahead of him.

Nevertheless, he missed out on a fabulous sight. The island was almost completely surrounded and pro¬tected by a barrier reef onto which the ocean waves crashed and spurted up white foam. Within the reef, the water was an opalescent green, contrasting sharply with the deep blue without and creating a jewel-like setting for the island itself.

The spectacular land formation was clearly of vol¬canic origin, and huge craggy peaks dominated a mountain chain that ran along the major axis of the island. The deep green of the vegetation looked lushly tropical, as did the masses of palm trees crowding the coastline. It all looked wonderfully untouched by civ-ilisation, a special place existing apart and totally un¬spoiled, a monument of beauty that nature had created and adorned with unique and loving care.

Sophie had seen many wonderful sights in her trav¬els, but none like this. She understood now why it was called the fabled Bora Bora. Of all the islands in the Pacific, none could compare with the grandeur of its lagoon or the majesty of its peaks. It was the home of the Polynesian culture, and from its shores had sailed the longboats that had taken its people to colonise the thousands of islands throughout the world's largest ocean.

It made Sophie feel privileged to be here, and she knew that this magical place would live in her memory forever, no matter what happened in the coming week.

Jason woke as the plane touched down on the coral atoll of Motu Mute, where U.S. forces had built the airstrip in 1943 as an integral part of their naval base in the South Pacific. "Only the launch ride to go now, and then we'll be at the hotel," Sophie said with bright anticipation, resolving to enjoy all she could while she was here. "I hope you're going to be ready for it, Ja¬son," she added, eyeing his bleary state with misgiv¬ings.

"No problem," he muttered.

But he dozed off again in the luxurious motor launch as it sped over the lagoon and across the deep-water harbour to the Hotel Bora Bora on Pointe Raititi. Sophie marvelled at the incredible clarity of the water that now seemed more turquoise than green. They passed the small village of Vaitape and several other tourist resorts. They were all constructed in the native style, the guest accommodation consisting of individual fares with pandanus leaf roofs. Many of these were built out over the water, since there was lit¬tle land between the coastal road and the lagoon.

Jason stirred himself to life as the launch slowed for its approach to the hotel dock. He shook off his air of fatigue and practised a besotted look at Sophie, who burst into giggles from sheer nervous tension.

"This isn't going to work," Jason grated, af¬fronted by her reaction to his first effort at acting.

"Oh, loosen up, Jason," Sophie advised. "Lovers do laugh at each other, you know."

It teased a rueful smile from him. "It's been a long time since I felt like a lover."

"Well, if you will waste your life on women like Evonne Carstairs, I expect that would stultify any honest emotions."

"Sometimes it's easier to live without emotions. But I expect you're too young to know that," he said flatly.

"No, I'm not, Jason. But cutting off one's emo¬tional life is a very dehumanising thing to do. It leads to not caring about what other people feel."

He grimaced. "You're beginning to sound like my mother."

She smiled. "I like your mother."

A look of wry appreciation flashed into his eyes. "She likes you, too."

Yes, she does, Sophie thought, which didn't gel with the fact that Mrs. Whitlow had been privy to Jason's scheme of getting Sophie to Bora Bora with him, and dressing her for the part he wanted her to play. She had also witnessed the jolt Sophie had given her son's self-image, and admired its delivery. Perhaps Mrs. Whitlow wanted Sophie to deliver a few more jolts. In which case, she must believe Jason had a good heart, to be tapped if only someone could reach it, and she was counting on Sophie as the most likely candidate.

Of course, his mother might be wrong about the good heart. It might have shrivelled up and died since Gail's defection to Randy. On the other hand, Jason was certainly able to feel emotion. He had demon¬strated that several times with her. Which had to mean she tapped something inside him, whether he liked it or not. Something more than physical chemistry.

Sophie's heart lightened considerably throughout this train of thought. She gave Jason an encouraging smile as the launch was brought to a halt beside the dock. "Just hold my hand and smile indulgently at me while I admire everything about the hotel. That will get you started on the right track."

He laughed and took both her hands to draw her up beside him, and together they stepped onto the quay of the Hotel Bora Bora.

"Paradise!" Sophie breathed in pure delight at all that met her eyes.

"Lost or regained?" Jason murmured.

"Neither!" Sophie grinned at him. "Paradise found, of course!"

"I hope it ends up that way," he said fervently.

"Come, Jason! Where's your confidence?" she chided, her eyes laughingly mocking him.

He sighed. "Unfortunately, there's a couple of sur¬prises still in the offing."

"Like what?"

"I think it might be best if we wait until we come to them," he said, and tried very hard to smile indul¬gently.
