Jason was in conference with Randy and Gail for a long time. Sophie idled away an hour in the lagoon, not so much swimming as enjoying the lulling swell and ebb of the soft wavelets that kept her body light and buoyant. Her mind kept reciting there was no point in worrying about what was going on, but her heart defied all acts of will and persisted in twisting itself into uncertain little knots.

She felt a surge of relief when she saw Jason emerge from the private talk unaccompanied by the others. However, he did not so much as sweep a quick glance over the beach or the lagoon. He headed straight up the path to the hotel administration centre, looking like a man on a purposeful mission.

Business? Sophie wondered. Perhaps Jason had to do some unwrangling for the Sullivans if their mar¬riage was back on the road. Nevertheless, she couldn't help thinking it was a bad sign that Jason hadn't looked for her.

She waded out of the lagoon, observing that Randy and Gail were still closeted together in private, possi¬bly awaiting Jason's return. Having collected the var-ious articles she and Jason had taken down to the beach, Sophie went to their fare to get cleaned up for lunch. She was under the shower when she heard the front door bang shut. The careless noise was followed by other sounds of things being shifted around in an angry and impatient manner.

Sophie turned off the taps, wrapped herself in a large bath towel and with her heart thumping in fast agitation went to investigate the cause of the distur-bance. She found Jason hurling clothes into his suit¬case, which lay open on the bed.

"Going somewhere?" she asked, confronting the obvious issue first.

He wheeled on her, his face as grim as death, his silvery grey eyes glittering with barely controlled an¬ger. "Yes," he snapped. "We're going home. The flights have been booked and I've organised for a boat to take us to the airport. You have an hour to get ready. If you've finished with the bathroom, I'll have my shower now."

Sophie propped herself in the doorway to the dressing room, defying his overbearing manner. "I'm not going!" she said.

"What?"

His face contorted with outrage. Clearly he was not used to being defied. Sophie, however, saw no other course but to take the bull by the horns and give it a good shake.

"You're acting like a bad-tempered schoolboy who's lost his toffee apple. The least you can do is tell me if I pulled off mission impossible for you."

"The laurels are all yours," he said sarcastically.

Jason's stormy mood robbed Sophie of any sense of triumph. "So what's the problem, Jason? Did you realise too late that you wanted Gail back after all?"

"Why would I want Gail?" he thundered.

"You did have a long affair with her," Sophie prodded.

"That doesn't mean I want her back."

"You could have fooled me," Sophie said offhand¬edly.

"Then I'll spell it out to you," he snarled, fuming with frustration. "It was never a serious affair. Not on my side. And I didn't know it was on her side until she brought up marriage. We had separate careers. Led separate lives. When we connected, it was good, but I never saw us as settling into a permanent future to¬gether. I was sorry that she did. Sorry that I hurt her-"

"You mean you broke it off with Gail before she married Randy?"

"Haven't I just told you that?"

"It wasn't she who rejected you?" Sophie pressed.

Jason hissed impatiently. "Have some sense, So¬phie! I agreed to support that story for Gail's sake. So her image wouldn't be hurt in her career. There wouldn't have been a problem if she'd rejected me, would there?"

That was purely dependent on one's point of view, thought Sophie. To make doubly sure of what Jason meant, she asked, "Then you don't mind that she and Randy have resumed wedded bliss?"

"For God's sake! That was what this trip was all about." He glowered at her. "At least now I don't have to feel guilty about Gail any more."

"That was all you felt? Guilt?"

He grimaced. "And compassion for the hurt she'd suffered from both me and Randy. I was never sure she hadn't married Randy on the rebound. When the marriage went wrong, it seemed that I might be re¬sponsible. It was a hell of a position to be in."

"You can't blame yourself for what others choose to do with their lives," 

Sophie soothed, delighted that Gail could now be painted out of the picture of Ja¬son's love life.

"That's easier said than done," he muttered. "Since Gail, I've been a damned sight more careful about choosing my associations with women—"

Which accounted for the likes of Evonne Carstairs, Sophie deduced.

"Until you came along," Jason finished with seething bitterness.

"Something wrong with me?" she asked.

His eyes flared with bolts of turbulent lightning. "How many lovers have you got?" he demanded.

So this was the crux of all the bad temper! Sophie's heart untwisted itself and swelled with satisfaction. Jealousy. Possession punctured by tales from her brilliant invention.

The urge to reassure him was dampened by the thought that he should have trusted her. She had asked him to, and he should have known better than to be-lieve what she'd told Gail and Randy in his commerrial interests. She was not about to get on her knees to grovel for forgiveness about something she hadn't done. Let him take the consequences of his impaired judgement! If he'd been more open about Gail in the first place, Sophie would not have felt compelled to do what she'd done to get Gail safely tied up with Randy again.

"Answer me, Sophie!" he seethed. "How many men have you got on a string?"

"Enough to keep me satisfied," she said airily.

He breathed in and out so heavily that steam seemed to come out of his nostrils. "Gail and Randy said you advocate three at a time."

"Well," said Sophie, "it's a small enough number to keep track of them, but large enough to make life interesting."

"You're going to have to get rid of two of them!" he thundered.

"That won't be too difficult," she said.

"Good! Because you're going to do it the moment we get home. I might have rocks in my head for brains but that's the way it has to be."

Sophie raised her eyebrows. "Do I understand you want exclusive rights with me?"

"You'd better believe it," he threatened.

A marvellous feeling of security swept through So¬phie. Her uncertainties about Jason's feelings for her were finally laid to rest. She was free of any further torment on that score. Which meant she could deal from a position of strength.

"I don't take very kindly to being ordered around, Jason," she told him mildly. "It's one thing as my boss. That's fair enough. But if you want to be my one and only lover..."

He reined in his feelings and adopted the face of stern authority. "The job we came to do is done, So¬phie. It's best if we leave now and let Randy and Gail get on with their second honeymoon without any dis¬traction from us. I'm telling you that as your boss," he said curtly.

"Fine. But that does give us some free days, doesn't it?" Sophie argued. "And you must admit I've been a very effective assistant in helping to get the result you wanted. I understand that it's prudent to leave Bora Bora right now, but we don't have tojjy straight home to Australia, do we?"

He heaved a deep sigh. "What's on your mind, So¬phie?"

"Well, maybe I need some convincing that you're the only lover I want, Jason. You're not being very nice to me at the moment. You're all demand. No asking me what I'd like. That doesn't feel right to me."

"Dammit, Sophie!" he cried in exasperation. "We are right together! And there's no room for anyone else!" To prove it, he swept her into his arms and kissed any other possible thought out of her head. "We can stop in Tahiti, if you want," he said gruffly. "But we've got to get moving now."

Sophie was so dazzled by Jason's possessive pas¬sion for her she couldn't resist finding out how far it extended. Particularly since she had been tearing her¬self up about having any kind of future with him.

True to his word, Jason rebooked their flight, and they stayed the extra two days at the Beachcomber Parkroyal Hotel on the outskirts of Papeete. He also made a crusade of asking Sophie what she would like to do and fulfilling her every wish. Which wasn't re¬ally difficult. Basically it was time with him that So¬phie wanted, time to affirm and consolidate what they felt for each other.

They spent a wonderful day wandering around Pa¬peete. The influence of French settlement was very much in evidence with its distinctive style of Euro-pean sophistication, yet overall, the colour and vivac¬ity of Polynesian life held sway. Simply to sit at the sidewalk cafes and watch the stream of people and traffic was a delight to Sophie, and Jason happily shared her mood.

He took pleasure in buying her almost anything and everything she admired, from a Tahiti tiare lei with its glorious gardenia scent to an exquisite necklace of black pearls. There was a very determined glint of possessiveness in his eyes as he fastened that around her neck and insisted she wear it out of the boutique.

"You're spoiling me rotten," she teased, her own eyes lit with dancing pleasure.

"I have this vision of making love to you with those pearls dangling between your breasts," he replied. "One way or another, I'm going to make you forget every lover you ever had, Sophie Melville."

"You're doing an excellent job of it, Jason," she approved warmly. "I can honestly tell you there's never been anyone like you in my whole life."

"That's because we're perfect together," he said.

"I think you could be right about that," she agreed.

"I am right," he insisted. "Take my word for it. There's no point in looking any further. What we've got is too special to give up."

Sophie decided that Jason's judgement was im¬proving in leaps and bounds. She gave him every en¬couragement to regard the future in terms of their continued togetherness. She found that wearing black pearls and nothing else lifted lovemaking to erotic heights that she had never experienced before.

"You have very exciting visions, Jason," she told him afterwards.

"I have other visions, as well," he murmured darkly.

"Tell me about them," Sophie eagerly invited.

"I don't think you're ready for them yet."

"Why not?"

"Are your parents divorced?"

"No."

"Have they had a rotten marriage?"

"I don't think so. I suppose they've had their ups and downs, but they're still together."

"Have you any brothers and sisters?" Jason asked.

"Two older brothers."

"Married?"

"Yes."

"Are they unhappy?"

"No. They both seem happily settled. Why?"

"What about friends?" he persisted. "Any messy divorces there?"

"No."

He frowned.

"What are you getting at, Jason?" Sophie asked innocently.

"Can't you see that this flitting from man to man can only end in a very empty life?" he demanded crit¬ically. "You don't build anything solid or worthwhile if you don't stay still long enough to put down roots."

"You think I should try staying still for a while?"

His arms came around her very tightly. "Yes, I do. Wouldn't you like to have a dependable support? Someone you can always share everything with?"

"That certainly sounds nice," Sophie said consid¬eringly, barely controlling the song of exultation in her heart.

"Think about it," Jason commanded.

Sophie had been thinking of it from the first day she'd met Jason Lombard, but she didn't think it would be strategic to enlighten him about that when he was using all his advocacy skills to win his case. After all, his pride could be stung that she had single-handedly solved the Sullivan wrangle. He might need to feel that he had won her over to the idea of mar¬riage with him.

Jason carefully refrained from pushing the matter any further. He concentrated his full attention on showing Sophie he could fulfill all her needs. He took her to lovely places. He insisted she could let her hair down with him any time, doing or saying or express¬ing whatever came into her head or heart. He eagerly provided every form of support she could possibly want.

Inevitably they had to fly back to Australia, but the trip home was in vast contrast to their outward flight to Tahiti. There was love and mutual understanding in every smile, and a warm security in the way Jason continually sought to enfold her hand in his. They en¬joyed the movie together and slept side by side in happy contentment.

They landed in Sydney on Sunday morning. When they walked into the airport terminal they saw news¬paper posters brandishing the story of the Sullivans' reconciliation and second honeymoon. Love Not War, was the popular caption. Jason, however, was not in¬terested in what had been printed. He hurried Sophie to the car park and became quite tense as he drove her home to Lindfield.

"Back to work tomorrow," he remarked unneces¬sarily.

"Yes," Sophie agreed on a sigh. "Thank you for giving me such a wonderful time, Jason. I've never been so happy with anyone."

"There's no reason why we shouldn't continue be¬ing happy together, Sophie," he said, shooting her a determined look.

"I hope we do," she said fervently.

"Then you won't mind settling up your other af¬fairs today."

"What other affairs?" Sophie was so dizzily in love with him that she didn't understand why he frowned at her.

"The men you've been playing around with," he said tersely.

"Oh! Those!"

"You won't want them hanging around anymore."

"No. Only you, Jason."

"So make that clear to them today."

"I don't want to look at another man again," she said, giving him a dazzling smile.

He relaxed with an air of satisfaction. "I'll pick you up for work tomorrow morning."

"I'd like that."

"Then we'll talk about where we go from here," he said decisively.

Sophie smiled to herself. Jason definitely had a scheme for the future. She could feel him plotting it right down to the last move. He had a fine logical mind, and she thoroughly approved of all his tactics so far. It was nice to be able to respect and admire as well as love the man she was going to marry.

Mia was not at home when Jason carried Sophie's luggage up to the flat. However, he did not linger over kissing Sophie goodbye. He reminded her that she had things to do and left her to follow through on her promise to detach herself from all other men.

Mia came whirling into the flat ten minutes later, shrieking excitedly as she hurled her arms around So¬phie and hugged her. "You got him! You got him!"

"What are you talking about, Mia?" Sophie gasped when she regained breath enough to speak.

"Jason Lombard, of course. I was walking back from the news agency, reading about Randy and Gail. And hey! Weren't we right about plonking them down on an island together?"

"It certainly helped," Sophie conceded.

"Then I ran into him outside."

"Jason?"

"And he asked me, right out of the blue, if I had some prejudice against marriage!"

Sophie grinned. "He thinks I have."

"Whatever for?"

"It worked out that way because of the Sullivans," Sophie explained, and proceeded to give her friend the general gist of all that had happened on Bora Bora.

"Wow!" breathed Mia. "Well, I tell you, he's nailed, Sophie. He said if I really cared about you as a friend, I should put in some good words about the stability and security of marriage, and he was deadly serious about it. So I ended up assuring him I was right in his camp and would back him up all the way."

"He hasn't asked me yet," Sophie said, but her eyes sparkled with happy confidence.

"There's no question of that!" Mia crowed.

But there was the question of when, Sophie thought, and the question of how best to dispose of two fictitious lovers.
