Jason was still heavily asleep when Sophie woke the next morning. She let him stay that way. The last thing she needed was to have him tired and bad-tempered. Besides, if Jason remained out of action for a while, it gave her a completely free hand to try her luck at sorting out Gail and Randy, should the warring cou¬ple present an opportunity.

She had little choice but to play by ear. Whatever the outcome, Sophie had no illusions that she was go¬ing to be covered with acclaim or have all ribbons fly-ing for her wonderful perspicacity. Gail disliked her too intensely for that to occur, and since Gail and Randy were both beyond reason, sweetness and light were not going to work. Sophie figured her only re¬course was shock tactics, but what or how or when were very much up in the air.

She was late for breakfast. All the smaller tables around the lower deck of the restaurant were occu¬pied, so she sat at a table for four on the higher level. Randy was even later. Sophie had already ordered but he made a beeline for her table.

Sophie didn't believe for one second that she ex¬erted any real power of attraction over Randy. From the moment Gail had shown antagonism towards Ja¬son's woman, Sophie was a mandatory target for flir¬tation. Randy was simply hamming up an interest, his mind and heart bent on hitting back at Gail for throwing Jason in his face.

It undoubtedly riled Gail all the more because So¬phie was such a different physical type to herself, and having both her former lover and her husband appar¬ently besotted by Sophie's charms was a double whammy to her ego.

Despite Randy's vengeful purpose, Sophie figured that his determination to put on a show of finding her irresistibly attractive should be encouraged for the time being. It might work to her advantage in the tricky task of getting him and Gail back together again. Wherever Randy was, Gail was sure to turn up sooner or later.

"How are you this morning?" she asked, giving him a bright welcoming smile.

"Dreadful!" he said. “The pain! The hurt! I suf¬fer! I need your soothing hands to heal me, Sophie."

"Try some tomato juice and coffee to start with," she advised kindly.

One of the Polynesian waitresses came to take his order. She was still writing it down when Gail swept into the restaurant and claimed the chair beside Randy.

"Good morning!" she trilled.

Randy clasped his head and groaned.

"Good morning," Sophie returned politely.

Gail rattled off her breakfast order to the waitress, then stabbed a jaundiced look at Sophie. "Lost your lover along the way?"

"Jason is dead tired. I left him sleeping."

Randy heaved a theatrical sigh. "Lucky Jason! Sleeping the sleep of a satisfied man. You're all woman, Sophie."

"And so very obvious about it," Gail sneered. "I hope you don't imagine that Jason would ever con¬sider you wife material."

"Take no notice of her, Sophie," Randy chimed in. "Jason is as smitten as any man in love could be. And why not? You're a jewel of womanhood."

"He won't marry her," Gail grated.

"Like to have a little wager on that, my sweet?" Randy challenged mockingly.

Sophie saw her chance and grabbed it. She gave a tinkling laugh. "Both of you are crazy. Even if Jason begged me on bended knee, I'm certainly not going to marry him. Marriage is for the birds! Look what it did to you two!"

Her eyes swept them both with amused derision be¬fore dropping to her plate. She busied herself spread¬ing some strawberry conserve over a piece of toast, then blithely bit into it, as though she were com¬pletely at peace with her world.

"Just what do you mean by that?" Gail de¬manded, her tigerish eyes flashing resentment at So¬phie's judgement of them. "I am perfectly fine, thank you."

"Well, I'd hate to see you on your bad days, Gail," Sophie observed.

"Marriage is a growing experience!" Randy de¬clared with dry irony..

"Sure! It grows right into the divorce court," So¬phie lightly mocked. 

"There you were, the perfect lovers, with what seemed to the world a perfect match for marriage. People looked up to you as an ideal of how love should turn out." She wrinkled her nose. "Some ideal, when it degenerates into a cat and dog fight! If you two couldn't make marriage work, what chance have the rest of us?"

"Nobody should make idols of other people," Gail snapped.

"I refuse to be responsible for how others think or live," Randy drawled with supreme world-weariness.

"Oh, don't get me wrong!" Sophie said with a silky smile. "I'm grateful to both of you. You've proved to me that even the shiniest love doesn't last for long. The best thing to do is enjoy it while everything's great, then skip off when the going gets tough. That way you stay ahead of the game."

Randy looked vexed at Sophie's open scorn for the breakdown of his marriage. It was spoiling his game with her.

Gail looked grimly furious.

Sophie ate another bite of toast, then leaned for¬ward earnestly. "By being such spectacular losers, you've taught me how not to end up a loser. You've both been a great example of what can happen if you tie yourself up with commitments."

"I am never a loser, Sophie," Randy insisted, clearly disliking her blunt interpretation of his posi¬tion.

"What about the business contracts you're busting up?" Sophie reminded him. "As Jason's assistant, I've seen your joint file. You're both going to lose a packet when the divorce goes through. Not to men¬tion the division of the domiciles and the—"

"That's our business!" Gail almost spit in outrage.

"Soon to be all public, isn't it?" Sophie retorted. "Dirty linen everywhere. Disgusting, really. I'm go¬ing to keep all my affairs private."

"Does Jason know that you regard what you're having with him as a passing affair?" Randy asked, his eyes narrowing in some private speculation.

"Hmm..." Sophie cocked her head consideringly. "I think I'd call it a stylish affair. A very stylish af¬fair. I've never had a lover who bought me such lovely clothes before."

"He went so far as to buy you clothes?" Gail gasped.

"That's really serious for him," Randy muttered. "You didn't answer my question, Sophie. Is Jason aware of this attitude of yours?"

Sophie shrugged. "What difference does it make? We're having a super time together." She gave Gail a sly look. "I can understand about the ghost in the bed. Jason is great between the sheets."

Gail went bright red. "Nowhere near as great as Randy!" she snarled. "Even dead drunk, Randy is a better lover than Jason ever was! I only baited Randy with that to pay him back for his rotten flirting."

"Why, Gail!" Randy beamed at her.

“Don't get tickets on yourself! There are other fish in the sea!" She nodded at Sophie. "I told you she was a floozy, Randy."

"Better a floozy than a dumped wife," Sophie said blithely.

"Now hang on a minute!" Randy protested. "I didn't dump Gail. She walked out on me."

"Well, more fool her if you're such a fantastic lover." Sophie batted her eyelashes at him. "Look me up when you're footloose and fancy-free, Randy. This thing I've got going with Jason will probably be wearing thin by then."

"You're nothing but a disgusting little man-eater," Gail cried in towering contempt.

Sophie raised her eyebrows. "On the contrary, you're the one tearing Randy apart. At least I give a man what he wants." She smiled at Randy. "You can count on me to make you feel whole again."

"I think I'd rather give the job to someone with a heart," he said, his pretend interest in her consider¬ably cooled. "What I once had with my wife appeals more."

Sophie looked at him pityingly. "Well, if you want to fool yourself with dreams..."

"It was not a dream!" Gail replied angrily.

"Best part of my life," Randy admitted with wry regret.

"Mine, too," Gail said.

Sophie pushed back her chair and rose to her feet, shaking her head at both of them. "Who do you think you're kidding? If that was the best, why did you botch it up? If you'll excuse me, I'm off to buy some souvenirs."

She paused to give them a condescending smile. "Once you're divorced you'll be able to live like me. Have three lovers at any time. One to take you to lovely places like this. One to let your hair down with. And one to provide a steady support to fall back on. That way you can always keep your joie de vivre."

"A three-timing gold-digger!" Gail cried. "You're amoral, immoral and despicable!"

"Ah! But I have only good memories," Sophie pointed out triumphantly.

"A user," Randy muttered, his eyes contemptu¬ously dismissing any further use of her in his wife-baiting.

Sophie smiled brightly at him. "I always give fair value, Randy, and I wouldn't give you any problem getting rid of me when things turn sour." She slanted a pointed look at Gail. "No nasty comebacks in a law court for the media to gobble up with glee."

She had certainly provoked at least one mutual feeling between them. They both glared at her with open hostility.

Sophie stepped around the table and gave Randy's shoulder a light squeeze. "Remind me to give you my address before Jason and I fly out. And believe me, I never take a man down when it's over. Live for the day. That's my motto."

The Polynesian waitress arrived with Gail's and Randy's breakfast orders. Sophie wriggled her fin¬gers at them in a farewell salute and made off while the going was good. She felt quite satisfied that she had hit them with some fine left and right jabs. The silence she left behind her definitely had a punch-drunk quality. Of course, they could come out of it slugging at each other again, but they showed every indication of forming a new accord, if only against her.

Sophie strolled down the road to the Pofai Shoppe, then on to the Moana Art Gallery-Boutique, looking for and buying little gifts for all the women on Ja-son's staff. Their support of her deserved some friendly recognition. She also had to buy something really special for Mia, finally deciding on a dramatic shell necklace.

By the time she returned to the fare with her pur¬chases, Jason was awake and under the shower. So¬phie opened the bathroom door and admired his sleekly muscled body until he turned his back to the spray of water and saw her.

"Hi!" she said with a cheeky grin. "Feeling more rested and ready to join the fray again?"

"I missed you." He turned off the taps and grabbed a towel. "Why didn't you wake me? Most of the morning's gone."

"Don't worry. Nothing's lost. I saw Gail and Randy at breakfast and did my bit to drive them back to¬gether."

"Sophie—" he looked alarmed "—what have you done?"

"Set the cat amongst the pigeons," she replied air-fly. "Hit them with a few home truths. And left them with not much of an appetite for biting into each other. I hope."

He dried himself very briskly. "What's going to happen?" he demanded.

"Jason, when you set off an explosion, the only thing you can do is stand back and wait to see where the pieces fall."

He groaned. "Well, I don't suppose it can be any worse than what it was yesterday."

"That's the spirit," Sophie encouraged. "I've been shopping, as well. Very hot outside. If we go up to the Pofai Bar I can have a drink and you can get some-thing to eat."

"And Randy will probably be there, drowning his sorrows," Jason muttered, hurling the towel aside. He heaved a deep sigh, gave Sophie a rueful smile, then drew her into his arms and spent a few minutes kiss¬ing her in little nibbles. "Maybe all I want to eat is you," he murmured.

Sophie wound a few of his chest hairs around her index finger. "Jason..."

"Mmm?"

"You do remember our purpose in coming here?"

"Mmm."

"You really want Gail and Randy back together again?"

"Mmm."

"Well, if you hear a few bad things about me, that won't make any difference to what you feel with me, will it?"

He cupped her face and looked deeply into her eyes. "Sophie, nothing at all could shake what you make me feel," he said with conviction, then touched the fiery profusion of her red curls with indulgent affec¬tion. "I'm getting used to your brand of dynamite."

She slid her hands over his shoulders and tilted her head back, giving him an inviting smile. "Do you want to go and have breakfast, or would you pre¬fer-"

"I prefer," he said huskily.

When they went up to the Pofai Bar for lunch, Gail and Randy were nowhere to be seen. Sophie and Ja¬son spent a leisurely couple of hours there without any interruption from the warring couple.

"Did you hit them so hard they've run for cover?" Jason asked Sophie.

She shrugged. "Let's forget them and enjoy the peace while it lasts."

They spent an idyllic afternoon. Sophie saved a few crusts of bread from their lunch and they waded out to the large coral outcrop where a swarm of bril-liantly coloured tropical fish made their home. It was fun dropping crumbs in the water and watching the incredible speed of the fish darting out for food. Some even nibbled at Sophie's fingers for more.

Then Jason decided to try his hand at paddling one of the canoes that were available for the guests' use, and he took Sophie well out into the lagoon, proving very skilful at manoeuvring the small craft. It was lovely to leave other people's problems behind and immerse themselves in sharing the pleasure of the beauty around them.

"I don't think I've ever felt more at peace," Jason remarked, his eyes soft and shiny with happiness. "You're a joy to be with, Sophie."

She laughed, bubbling with her own happiness. "It's quite a change, isn't it?" she replied. "No busi¬ness rules. No schemes. Just you and me and all this!"

"Paradise found," he said with an appreciative smile. "I've been looking for it for a long time."

Sophie's heart turned over at the possessive way his gaze swept over her. It is right, she thought exul¬tantly. We are truly right together. He feels it, too.

The feeling grew stronger and more certain as they filled all the hours of that day with a special sense of togetherness. The heady romance of a sunset cruise was followed by a delightful dinner at Bloody Mary's Hotel, a famed place from the movie South Pacific.

They sat on the cutoff trunks of coconut trees, sipped freshly crushed pineapple juice, ate the local food from the cooking pit and pretended they were cast¬aways from the rest of the world.

When they returned to their hotel, Jason suggested a moonlight swim, and that was right, too, floating under the stars, revelling in a sense of total freedom with each other, a mingling of bodies and souls in a harmonious rhythm of life. They did not speak of love, yet it was in each look and touch, and when they finally sought the intimate privacy of their fare they made love long into the night.

The pieces from Sophie's explosion commenced landing the next morning. Jason and Sophie were laz¬ing on the beach when they noticed the approach of the couple who had received the brunt of yesterday's blast. Having been lost for twenty-four hours, their reappearance in the form of a grim-faced united front bounced a few other things up in the air.

Like Sophie's future with Jason.

"They're holding hands!" Jason said in shock, turning incredulous eyes to Sophie. "How on earth did you achieve that?"

"Do you trust me, Jason?" she asked as calmly as she could.

"Yes, of course. Haven't I given you my complete confidence?"
Not quite, Sophie thought. There was still the touchy matter about his feelings for Gail, which he had left unanswered. "I think it's very important to trust what you feel about another person," she said emphatically. "So please don't let anything Gail and Randy say change how you feel about me. Okay?"

He frowned. "What do you mean?"

Sophie sighed in resignation. "You'll soon find out."

The omens were not good when Gail and Randy elected to disdain acknowledging Sophie's presence by either word or look. They came to a halt beside Ja¬son's lounger, and Randy addressed him in solemn tones.

"Gail and I wish to speak to you, Jason. Alone and in private," he said with pointed emphasis.

"We thought my fare would be the best place," Gail put in.

"You've come to some agreement?" Jason que¬ried, still finding it difficult to believe.

"Gail and I are in complete agreement on every¬thing," Randy declared. "If you'll come with us, there are a few things we want to settle with you personally, Jason."

"Because you've been a good friend to both Randy and me," Gail said feelingly.

"And we care about you," Randy backed up.

Jason slowly swung his legs off the lounger, stood up and shot a puzzled look of appeal at Sophie. "Wait here for me?"

"You might be some time, Jason," she replied with a wry little smile. "If I'm not here or swimming, I'll be in our fare."

If there was going to be any problem between them, Sophie didn't want Gail and Randy witnessing it. Ja¬son nodded, flashed her one last smile, then went off to reseal the friendship being offered to him.
