
Mia pounced the moment she saw that Sophie had come in alone. "What was he guilty of?" was the first question off the firing line.

Sophie deflected it. "I'll be going away next week, Mia. Leaving Monday."

Mia's mind revolved with lightning speed and shot out, "Do you think you'll solve the Sullivan wran¬gle?"

"I've got a lot to do tomorrow, so I think I'll have an early night," Sophie said, knowing how tricky Mia could be at winkling out information.

"Did he pay for our dinner?"

That was fairly safe ground. "Yes, he did."

Mia looked smug. "Well, if I were you, Sophie, I'd play for keeps next week. That guy is loaded with everything."

"That remains to be seen."

It was another half hour before Mia gave up spec¬ulating on what she had seen of Jason Lombard and what she would do if he were her boss. Luckily to-morrow was going to be a busy day for her, as well, so when Sophie again pressed for an early night, Mia was agreeable.

As soon as her friend was settled for sleep and So¬phie was assured of privacy in her bedroom, she slit open the thick envelope and counted thirty hundred-dollar notes. That was the money for clothes. Then she put aside her wages. The rest had to be the agony money.

She started counting again.

There were another thirty hundred-dollar notes.

Mrs. Whitlow, Sophie decided, was having a very beneficial affect on her son. Or agony was a very lu¬crative business to be in. Or Jason Lombard was de-termined on wiping the slate clean with a sweetener so large he'd win more than forgiveness.

Was he looking to press some advantage with her in giving so much? Was he in the habit of thinking that women could be bought? Did he work on the princi¬ple that if you put enough sugar on the pill, anything could be swallowed?
Sophie stacked the notes into the envelope and slid it under her pillow. She turned off the light and set¬tled herself for sleep, thinking she had never had such an up and down day in her whole life. After review¬ing all that had happened, she came to one firm deci¬sion. The agony money would go in the bank for a rainy day. If Jason Lombard proved to be an unre¬deemable rat, it would certainly ease her agony to throw his thirty hundred-dollar notes back at him in a rain of contempt.

She hoped it wouldn't turn out that way. She des¬perately wanted her instincts to be right. It was the feeling of having been hopelessly deceived by them that had so deeply distressed her this afternoon.

Sophie lay in the darkness wondering about the "rightness" she felt with Jason Lombard. While she couldn't precisely define it, she knew she had never experienced it before. She had found plenty of other men attractive, several times playing with the idea that one or other of them might be right for her, but that had been more a mental measuring of their suitability or compatibility, never an instinctive thing.

Biology and chemistry were very tricky, Sophie de¬cided. But at least she had a job again. Whatever else happened with Jason Lombard would require careful judgement. Despite all her logical reasoning there was still some instinct inside her urging her to do precisely what Mia advised: go all out to grab the man for keeps!

That totally primitive motivation was highly oper¬ative in many of Sophie's choices the next day. Freed of any constraint to be the least bit conservative, she had a wonderful shopping spree. To be uninhibitedly flamboyant, she found, gave one a deliciously spicy feeling. If a dazzling distraction was what Jason Lombard wanted, he was certainly going to get it. He couldn't argue that Sophie had not followed orders.

Mia took charge of all activities on Sunday. Having drooled over the clothes Sophie had bought, she in¬sisted that they experiment with complementary make¬up and nail polish for an absolutely overall stylish im¬age. She dug out some beautician products she had stored away, gave Sophie a facial, shampooed and blow-dried her hair into perfect shape and generally acted as though she were preparing Sophie to become Jason Lombard's concubine.

"This is a business trip," Sophie reminded her more than once, although not too strongly since they were both enjoying the fun.

"It never hurts to optimise one's chances," was Mia's unbudgeable stance.

Even on Monday morning Mia was like a maid on harem duty, supervising Sophie's toilet before leaving for work, then flashing a V-for-victory sign to her from the door.

When Jason arrived at eight-thirty, Sophie was more than ready to get on with the job she had been grooming herself for, both outwardly and inwardly, since he had left her on Friday night. The first thing she noticed when she opened the door to him was his business suit, which threw her into a fluster.

"Oh! I dressed for travel. Do you want me to change into something more decorous for the of¬fice?"

He looked her up and down. Very slowly. The dress she had chosen to wear was definitely eye-catching. Splashes of bright yellow, fire red, electric blue and jewel green formed a vaguely floral pattern on a white background. Roulade bands of gold and blue and green made feature finishes around the armholes, the scooped neckline and the hemline, emphasising the belt made of the same featured bands. The soft cotton fabric had some silky mixture in it that made it uncrushable, and the slim-line form-fitting cut of the dress made the most of Sophie's curves. Spectacular and stylish, Sophie had thought, especially with the yellow sandals and carry bag.

She watched Jason's expression anxiously, willing him to be pleased with her choice. There was a slightly dazed look in his eyes when his gaze finally returned to hers. He took a deep breath, apparently to gather himself, then gave her a smile that tingled right down to Sophie's toes.

"Couldn't be more perfect," he declared with sat¬isfaction.

His approval was so sweet that Sophie glowed right back at him with a dazzling smile of her own.

He abruptly leaned forward and snatched up her luggage. His face was set with determined purpose as he stepped back to give her room to move past him. "Let's get going," he said briskly. "There's a lot to get through today since the schedule on this has been moved forward."

Sophie quickly stepped out of the flat and checked that the door had locked behind her. "How did it go with Gail Sullivan?" she tossed over her shoulder as she preceded him down the stairs.

"She flew out last night. She'd be on the island by now."

"And Randy Sullivan?"

"I persuaded him into bringing his trip forward. He'll get there Wednesday instead of Friday."

"Does that suit you?"

"It will have to. It was the only way I could work it, and that took some doing."

"Want to tell me about it?" Sophie invited hope¬fully.

"Later. Too much else to think of right now."

It was strictly business all the way to the office. So¬phie had the impression he was deliberately shutting off any personal element between them. Which was only sensible, she reasoned, during work hours. She was sure it would be different once they were free of office responsibilities. She ran her fingers reassur¬ingly over the skirt of her perfect dress and listened hard to everything he said.

Jason listed the various appointments that would need postponing, the pending legal problems that would have to be passed on to his associates to deal with, important matters he had to handle himself be¬fore flying out tonight. They had a very full day ahead of them.

Sophie's mind was so occupied with working out how she could best assist him, she completely forgot her return to the office might cause some surprise amongst the staff after the somewhat public show¬down with Jason and Evonne Carstairs last Friday. She was totally unprepared for what they met in the reception area.

All the women on the staff were gathered around Cheryl Hughes's desk. There were several moments of frozen shock while they gaped at Sophie, who was very conspicuously at Jason Lombard's side. The shock was mutual. She and Jason were confronted by ten heads of red hair, all in varying shades and styles, but uniformly and uncompromisingly red, shouting a bold and rebellious statement without saying a word.

Mia's production line, Sophie thought in speech¬less amazement.

"Very becoming," Jason said, surprising them all with his ready acceptance. "It gives our establish¬ment a style we've never had before. And a sense of solidarity that I keenly appreciate."

He paused, bestowing a smile around the group. "However, since Miss Melville and I will be flying out to Bora Bora tonight, there's no time to waste today. May I suggest we all get to work, ladies?"

There was a visible jerk to attention and a flurry of respectful agreement as they quickly dispersed to their workplaces. Jason took Sophie's arm and swept her into his office, very much the man in command.

It was a hectic day. Having defused the feminist uprising, Jason apparently dismissed it from his mind, and Sophie didn't dare question him about what he really thought. Although she admired the way he had handled the situation, she suspected that such openly mutinous criticism of how he had dealt with her could not be very palatable. Nevertheless, it gave her a warm glow inside to know that all the women on the staff were solidly behind her rejection of shabby treat¬ment.

"It was for ourselves, as well," Cheryl explained when they managed a few moments' chat. "We're sick of falling in with men's expectations. They can re-spect us as people in our own right for a change. Be¬sides—" she grinned "—we've all had a ball this weekend, jolting our husbands and boyfriends out of taking us for granted."

Sophie was immensely pleased that no-one thought the action was wasted. In fact, it seemed to have gen¬erated a great esprit de corps amongst the staff. She was welcomed back by everyone and given instant and friendly cooperation on the rearranged workload for the coming week.

There was so much to be done that Sophie and Ja¬son worked right through until seven o'clock, leaving them only enough time to get to the airport an hour before their scheduled flight. Then it was rush, rush, rush to get seats confirmed and luggage checked. They no sooner arrived in the first-class waiting lounge than their boarding call was announced.

It was with a huge sense of relief that Sophie en¬tered the first-class cabin. The tensions of the past week and the exhausting pace of the day's work seemed to slide away as a steward greeted them and ushered them to their seats. Jason offered her the choice of sitting next to the window and Sophie grate¬fully accepted, delighted to have the opportunity of enjoying whatever sights there were. She relaxed into the luxurious comfort of her seat and gave a deep sigh of pleasure.

"Happy now?" Jason asked, slanting her a friendly smile.

"Yes, thank you," she replied, wondering if his smile meant he was shedding the formal face of au¬thority he had worn all day.

The steward served them champagne and Jason lifted his glass in a toast to her, a gleam of amuse¬ment dancing in his silver-grey eyes. "Have you al¬ways had such an impact on other people's lives?"

"I don't know what you mean," Sophie quickly defended.

One dark eyebrow lifted. "My scalp, and ten heads of red hair? Not to mention Evonne Carstairs's toes and my mother's soft heart? You are a force to be reckoned with, Sophie Melville."

"The hair wasn't my idea," she replied.

"It didn't have to be. I'm beginning to think you have a rippling effect that once started, proves un¬stoppable. God knows where it's going to end."

"It was your choice to rehire me," Sophie pointed out.

"I'm not complaining, Sophie. Merely making an observation." His eyes flicked over the bright sun¬burst of curls that framed her face. "I should have known I was playing with fire when I hired you in the first place. This is what I get for ignoring omens."

"But the omens were favourable, remember?"

"With some little help from you."

"Are you regretting taking me on again, Jason?"

"No," he said decisively. Then leaned back and laughed. "At the very least, it's made for an interest¬ing week. And I expect this next week to be even more interesting."

Sophie relaxed again, feeling secure that her job was not under any threat from anything that had hap¬pened so far. "You haven't yet told me what part you want me to play in your scheme when we get to Bora Bora."

"It's a very delicate situation," he warned.

"I appreciate that."

"More delicate than you realise," he said grimly. "I'll want you to listen. Pick up vibrations. Watch body language. Advise me on whatever you think Gail is thinking and feeling. We have to find out if a rap¬prochement is possible before Randy arrives."

Sophie was secretly thrilled by the way Jason was linking her to him in partnership. This was precisely what she wanted.

"However, the prime requisite, before anything else can become possible," Jason continued with grave emphasis, "is to make it very clear to Gail that I can¬not be used to make Randy jealous."

"Is it likely that she'd try to do that?"

"In her present volatile mood, she could seize any weapon to hurt him with. Including me. Especially me." He grimaced in distaste. "Gail has to see, and be convinced that such a move is impossible. And there must be no doubt about that in Randy's mind, either. Otherwise my effectiveness will be totally cancelled."

"Is this because you and Gail were lovers before she married Randy?" Sophie asked, seizing the opportu¬nity to have that question cleared up.

He looked sharply at her, his face suddenly guarded, as though she had struck a highly sensitive nerve. "Six steps ahead of me again, Sophie?"

"If you want me to be effective for you, it's better that I know the facts," she argued as lightly as she could. "I've heard that you had a long-standing af¬fair with her. Is it true or not?''

"It's true," he conceded reluctantly, his eyes flash¬ing a bitter resentment of its being the subject of pub¬lic gossip.

Sophie winced, hating to have to press the issue but not wanting to live in any uncertainty about it. "Did she end it, or did you?"

"I guess you could say Randy ended it," he said wryly. "It was obvious that they were better suited, what with their joint career taking off and the time they had for each other. I wished them well."

No rancour? No regrets? Sophie wondered. "And now? What do you feel for her now, Jason?" she asked quietly.

"You can't turn back the clock," he said with flat decisiveness. "I'll always be very fond of Gail. Im¬possible not to be. But I no longer want any intimate involvement with her."

Or with anyone? Sophie wondered. Was that why he picked up with women like Evonne Carstairs, delib¬erately eschewing any deep involvement? He might still be in love with Gail, while recognising that she has never felt for him what she felt for her husband. The passion there ran very deep for them to be acting sc destructively.

"So how are you going to show Gail you're off-limits?" Sophie asked.

"With your help, it's very simple." The grey eyes locked onto hers, purpose flowing from him and winding inexorably around Sophie's heart and mine "She has to be convinced you and I are lovers."
