Randy arrived on schedule.

Jason and Sophie were left in no doubt about it. Gail marched down the beach to inform them in no uncertain terms. She also told Jason that if he thought he was a marriage counsellor, he was off his rocker. The marriage was finished, and he'd better have her best interests at heart when he got around to untan-gling the legal entanglements he could ever bring himself to lift his mind off other things.

This last was said with a venomous glare at Sophie, who was languidly stretched out on a lounger while Jason smoothed block-out lotion over her back.

"I do have your best interests at heart, Gail," he answered her quietly. "I'm sorry you don't see it that way. If you'd like to join us and talk about it, you're very welcome."

She muttered something that sounded like, "In a pig's ear!" and tramped off again.

Randy ambled down five minutes later, looking ex¬actly like the soap opera hero he played on television. His physique was every bit as trim, taut and terrific as it was on screen. His handsome face had a rakish look, accentuated by thickly lashed green eyes, wickedly arched eyebrows and the longish blonde hair that was artfully sun-streaked to go with his image.

"You owe me a drink, Jason," he started accus¬ingly. "You bring me all the way to Bora Bora and the first thing I find is my wife next door to me. Paradise ruined!"

"I'm sure I can get something to anaesthetise the pain, Randy."

"You do that. And I'll take over oiling the body beautiful for you," he said with a leer at Sophie.

"Uh-uh! Hands off, my friend. This lady is mine," Jason warned in a tone that raised Randy's eyebrows.

"You're serious?"

"Never more so."

Randy broke into a delighted chuckle. "No won¬der Gail's spitting chips!" 

He rubbed his hands to¬gether in glee. "I love it, love it, love it! No more Old Faithful! Introduce me to your fabulous floozy, Ja¬son."

"Sophie is not a—"

"Gail's word, old chap. Sophie is fine by me. So¬phie is a beautiful name. Sophie, I adore you. Call me Randy," he burbled, flirting outrageously with his eyes.

Jason heaved an exasperated sigh. "I'll get us some drinks." He dropped a kiss on Sophie's shoulder. "A Chi Chi for you?"

"Yes, please."

As Jason set off for the bar, Randy pulled another lounger into place beside theirs. He sat on it and grinned at Sophie, whose spirits had lifted immea-surably at Jason's show of possessiveness towards her. She desperately hoped it hadn't been an act for Ran¬dy's benefit.

"Why did you call Jason Old Faithful?" she asked, still troubled by what she perceived as too long a hangover from his relationship with Gail.

Randy's grin grew wider. "Gail thought she had him on a string because he's never married. Pure ego on her part. Which I'm glad to see stung. But let's not talk about Jason. Nor the thorn in my side that I had the misfortune to marry. Let's talk about you."

He rolled out the last sentence in his famous sexy voice, and Sophie couldn't help laughing at it. "'Randy, all your female co-stars might fall for that line, but I'm immune."

"The camera would love you, Sophie," he said, undeterred by her negative response. "Dump Jason, come with me, and I'll get you a part in the show."

"You're still a married man," she reminded him.

"Not for much longer. I'll soon be footloose and fancy-free." He swung his legs onto the lounger and stretched out with an exaggerated sigh of content¬ment. "What I need is a woman who'll accept me as I am. Now tell me, Sophie—" his green eyes swam with eloquent appeal "—is that too much to ask?"

Sophie grinned. "Depends on how many warts you have."

"Do you see any?" he demanded.

"Are you claiming to be perfect?"

He bantered on, demonstrating the good-humoured charm that had won the hearts of television viewers all over Australia. Until recently, he and Gail were the perfectly paired lovers on the long-running soap opera that dominated the ratings. Their real-life wedding had been paralleled in the show, to the viewers' delighted approval, but no-one had expected or wanted their fictional marital problems to come true.

Jason returned with the drinks and Sophie made room on her lounger for him to sit beside her. He smiled at her as she snuggled around him, the warm memory of other intimacies in his eyes.

"Boy, oh boy!" Randy sighed. "I think I'll have to chat up one of the lovely Polynesians. Looking at you two is enough to stir the blood."

"You could make up with your wife, Randy," Ja¬son dryly pointed out.

"Not in a million years," came the emphatic reply. Randy drank the beer Jason had brought him as though he needed to take some nasty taste out of his mouth. Then he shot a hard, derisive look at the man who had stood beside him on his wedding day. "If that's what's on your mind, forget it. No deal. No nothing. I am here strictly for fun and forgetfulness."

"Which you'll undoubtedly find at the bottom of your usual bottle," Gail's voice sliced in with a strong dash of vinegar.

They all looked up as she sauntered across the sand from the lawn behind them. She wore a skimpy white bikini that displayed a body that was the female counterpart of Randy's, trim and taut and terrific. Her long hair was wound into a loose knot on top of her head. She carried a beach towel and a white and gold pareu, and flashed them a smile that had all the threat of a piranha on the prowl.

"What the hell do you think you're doing?" Randy growled as she laid the towel on Jason's lounger.

"Joining the party. Jason said I was welcome to."

"What happened to catching the first flight out of Bora Bora?" Randy demanded fiercely.

She glared at him with tigerish eyes. "You can do that, Randy. I was here first. Why should I let you spoil my vacation?"

"If you think I'm going to leave this paradise on jour account, you can think again. I'm staying right here in the accommodation I've paid for," he stated belligerently.

"And I'm staying in mine," Gail retorted.

As she sat down, Randy stood up.

"I'm going to the bar."

Gail's eyes glittered with malicious intent. "Let's all go to the bar. It's such a thirsty morning, isn't it?"

That set the pattern of the day. If Gail wasn't taunting Randy about some failing in personality or character, he was letting her know, with devastating and diabolical charm, where she fell short of perfec¬tion. The knives were out with a vengeance, and So¬phie mentally marked it down as the Day of a Thousand Cuts.

Jason and Sophie served two purposes. They pro¬vided a neutral area where Randy and Gail could re¬treat to safety from the blood-letting in their guerilla warfare. They also provided an audience, which both the antagonists relished. However, the strain of being a buffer zone was certainly telling on Jason by the time they headed for their fares to refresh themselves be¬fore another bout over dinner.

"This idea of setting them both on an island isn't going to work, Sophie," he said wearily.

"They're together, aren't they?" Sophie pointed out. "And talking to each other."

Jason rolled his eyes. "Do you call that talking? Both of them are beyond reason!"

"But they can't leave each other alone. And since when did love have anything to do with reason?"

"Love!" Jason scoffed. "They hate each other."

"Isn't hate the other side of love?"

Jason shot her a derisive look. "You're a roman¬tic, Sophie."

"I'm also a realist," she said flatly.

Her tone of voice must have jarred something in Jason's mind. He said nothing while they washed the sand from their feet under the tap by the porch, but once inside the privacy of their living room he turned to her with sharply questioning eyes.

"What's on your mind, Sophie? Give me your ad¬vice."

The fears and doubts that had been raised last night demanded expression. "I think you're too mixed up in this situation to see straight," she blurted out.

"What should I be seeing?"

Her eyes held his in direct and unwavering chal¬lenge. "I know you didn't like what I did with Gail last night, but it directed her undivided attention to Randy today because she knew you were a lost cause."

"She already knew that," Jason said impatiently.

"Did she? When you danced attendance on her at her every demand? When you have, at the very least, a caring tenderness for her?"

He frowned, clearly discomfited by Sophie's criti¬cal appraisal of his behaviour.

"You told me on the plane that Gail had to be con¬vinced you were not available to her," she reminded him. "You didn't do that, Jason. I did. And what¬ever you feel for her, if you're genuine in wanting her and Randy's marriage mended, I didn't do any dam¬age to that purpose last night."

His eyes held a guarded reserve as he digested her remarks. Having opened the floodgates on her reser¬vations about his responses to the situation, Sophie poured out the rest of her feelings.

"I asked Randy this morning why he called you Old Faithful. He said Gail thought she had you on a string because you'd never married."

"She didn't," Jason said tersely.

"Neither she nor Randy knew that. Randy was de¬lighted that Gail could no longer use you against him. Which, to me, was very revealing."

Again Jason frowned, mulling over what she was saying.

"Sometimes you have to be cruelly honest to be kind," she said quietly. 

"Maybe that doesn't sit well with you where Gail is concerned, but in cutting the string last night, the field is now clear for Gail and Randy to get back together again. If that's what you want," she added uncertainly.

"Of course it's what I want," he snapped. "But I can't see it happening on today's showing. And to suggest that I was the only bone of contention be-tween them is ridiculous!"

"Don't you think this whole thing is about being insecure with each other? Randy flirting with his co-stars? Gail holding you up to him as a threat?"

"God knows!" He shook his head. "All I know is the whole thing's beyond reason."

To Sophie's mind, Jason was protesting too much. It was as though he didn't want to hear what she was saying. It made her feel she didn't know where she fitted into the picture with him. She wasn't sure if Ja¬son knew what the picture was anymore. The lines he had drawn were obscured by his reaction to last night's scene with Gail. Even more obscured by his negative view of today's events.

"Well, I guess I'm only here to provide you with fun and forgetfulness," she said self-mockingly, recalling Randy's words of this morning.

Jason was visibly jolted out of his introspection. "Don't be absurd, Sophie! You know you're neces¬sary to the whole scheme."

Her eyes derided his claim. "Which scheme is that, Jason? The one where having me assuages what you fed for Gail?"

He looked appalled. "What I feel with you has nothing to do with Gail."
"I'm only repeating what you said last night," she said flatly.

Anguish twisted across his face. "You've misinter¬preted what I meant. It's not like that, Sophie."
He came forward to wrap her in his arms. She did not resist, but she rested her hands on his chest, reluctant to be swept into a physical communication. ""What is it like?" she asked, searching his eyes for the truth.

He did not try to evade the issue. "There are many shades of grey between black and white, Sophie," he said softly. "Perhaps I am too involved in the situa¬tion with Gail and Randy to see it clearly, but I know Fin not seeking forgetfulness with you. I want what we have together. It's something apart from this mess. Something new and beautiful."

Sophie took considerable encouragement from these words, and when he tenderly cupped her face in his hands and kissed her as though he truly cherished what he had found with her, she couldn't help re¬sponding with all her heart.

I have to trust what I feel with him, she thought, winding her arms around his neck and holding on tight. It couldn't feel this right between us if Gail still held his heart. He must be mixed up in his mind about her.
Sophie clung to that belief throughout the evening they spent with Gail and Randy. It would have been a magical evening, but for the intrusive disharmony of the feuding couple and Jason's tense awareness of his failure in the role of peace-maker. A full moon beamed its benevolence on the Tahitian barbecue that was held on the beach, and a local group of Polyne¬sian singers and dancers provided spectacular enter¬tainment. The dance group, in particular, put a temporary halt to the feuding between Gail and Randy.

To the mood-setting beat of wooden drums, torches were set aflame and held by a line of dancers along the water's edge. Then, sweeping fast around the point, came the traditional Tahitian sailing canoe bringing more dancers, some balancing on the outrigger with their torches aloft. It was a stunning beginning to a dance program that was totally mesmerising in its sin¬uous grace, its wildly primitive energy and its erotic insinuations.

Towards the end of the show, some of the hotel guests were invited to partner the Polynesian dancers. Gail instantly leapt up from her seat to offer herself to the most skilled of the male performers, whereupon Randy made a point of claiming the attention of the most beautiful female performer. Under the persua¬sive tuition and good-humoured encouragement of the dancers, Gail was soon shaking her hips in a highly suggestive and provocative manner, and Randy countered her triumph by mastering the rapid knee move¬ment the men used to fasten attention on their powerful thighs.

When other guests gave up trying to copy the highly skilled movements, the male dancers gathered in a circle around Gail, egging her on, and Randy re-ceived the same accolade from the female dancers, much to the amusement and applause of the specta¬tors. Neither Gail nor Randy needed anyone else to drive them into being star performers. It was the bat-tie of the sexes with a vengeance, and the competition to match or surpass each other as stars in the eyes of others was fast and furious.

When the wild beat of the drums finally ceased, the dancers adorned them with many leis and escorted them to their seats.

"That gives me a new lease on life," Randy crowed, his face sparkling with triumph and pleasure.

Gail gave him a smug smile. "Yes," she agreed. "I now see what I've been missing out on."

"If you'd put as much energy into our sex life as you put into that dance, my dear, you wouldn't have missed out on anything," Randy drawled.

"With a man worn out from spending his energy elsewhere?" Gail scoffed.
"Ah, yes, of course." Randy smiled derisively. "The fantasy infidelities to excuse your lack of inter¬est."

"That hardly needs excusing, with you hitting the bottle every night."

“A friendly haze in the mind tends to diminish the power of a ghost in the bed."

Jason's fingers tightened around Sophie's hand, al¬most crushing her. He rose to his feet, drawing her with him. "If you'll excuse us, Sophie and I want an early night."

"You have my blessings, old chap," Randy drawled. "With a woman like Sophie to warm the cockles of your heart, who wouldn't want an early night?"

For once, Gail had no ready rejoinder. She stared out to sea, ignoring Sophie's and Jason's departure. Randy's shaft about a ghost in the bed was clearly a double-edged sword. Not only had it cut down any counter offensive from Gail, but it had driven Jason into fast retreat from the battlefield. Sophie was well aware of his intense inner turmoil as they walked down the beach to their fare. He was grimly silent but his fingers kept dragging over the skin of her hand in constant agitation.

Sophie had no doubt whatsoever about who the ghost in the bed was. Jason was Gail's former lover, and it was now obvious that somewhere along the line, she regretted having rejected him to marry Randy. Had possibly taunted Randy by telling him Jason was a better lover. Which would be death to any marriage.

However, that was not Sophie's problem. Jason's reaction to that revelation was her problem. Was he wishing he had left the door open for Gail to come back to him? As much as it pained her, Sophie felt she had to find out.

"Have you given up on trying to persuade Gail and Randy to get back together?" she asked.

He heaved a deep sigh. "Maybe it's better for them to cut their losses than to try patching up something that's not working. What they're doing to each other... it's too destructive," he said sadly.

"So you think they might be better off apart?"

"I hate seeing a marriage break up, but—" he shook his head "—there's no meeting ground."

"Do you mind if I try?" Sophie pressed, anxious to get rid of the potential risk to her future with Jason. "I know we agreed that you'd have four days work¬ing your scheme your way, and it's only been three so far, but if you're ready to give up now, I'd like to have a try."

He gave her a wry smile. "Ever the optimist, So¬phie?"

"Do you want me to try or not, Jason?" she qui¬etly challenged, her heart tightening at his evasion of her offer.

He shrugged. "I doubt it will do any good, but you're welcome to try."

Relief bubbled through her. It no longer mattered to her if he was assuaging other feelings in her arms, as long as he was hers. And stayed hers.

"Well, I'll give it my best shot," she said brightly. "Of course, the results might be cosmic, so you'd better make wild and passionate love to me tonight."

It teased a laugh out of him. "Live for now, be¬cause tomorrow might be blown apart?"

"You have some argument against that?"

He released her hand and tucked her close to him. "Not me! You've been generating cosmic results ever since you walked into my life.'' He gave her an appre¬ciative smile. "It will be no hardship to meet your re¬quirements."

By the time Sophie finally snuggled down to go to sleep, she was satisfied that Jason was no longer thinking of Gail. Or Randy. Or anyone. He was too exhausted to think at all. And he wore a contented look on his face.

How she was going to resolve the conflict between Gail and Randy Sophie had no idea, but it had to be done somehow. She genuinely believed that they did care about each other underneath the festering wounds to their pride. Besides, only by getting them back to¬gether again could she feel secure about a long and lasting future with Jason.
