DIAMONDS AND DESIRE
SARAH MORGAN

CHAPTER ONE

“I can’t take the place of the fortune teller!” Lauren Banks’ knees shook under the ridiculously short waitress uniform. “I’m sorry she’s let you down at the last minute, but please don’t ask me to fill in—I’d be useless.”
“Not as useless as you are as a party organizer!” Lauren’s boss waved a sheaf of papers angrily. “This list you made is completely wrong—the names are all mixed up!” 
“That’s because everyone was rushing me. I’m dyslexic,” Lauren said. “I told you that someone should check the list.” 
“I just addressed a prince by the wrong name,” Gillian shrieked. “We’re in Monte Carlo, not Manchester. This party is the most important celebrity event for a decade. My reputation is on the line.” 
“Everything will be fine. I’m going to meet and greet and—”
“How can you meet and greet when you don’t even know who they are? This list is total garbage.” 
“I’m good with faces. I just get mixed up when I write things down.” And when people lost patience and shouted, it made things worse. School, she thought with a shiver. Teachers. 
Gillian ripped the list in two. “I want you where you can cause the least damage. All you have to do is tell people they’re going to live happily ever after. Even you can manage that.” 
“I don’t believe in happily ever after,” Lauren muttered. “Life is hard. It’s unfair to mislead people.” 
“Life is going to be even harder if you don’t do this.” Gillian’s face was scarlet. “Do you want to keep your job?” 
Lauren bit her lip. She hated her job. Even this glamorous weeklong trip to Monte Carlo was turning out to be a nightmare. But life was no fairy tale, was it? She didn’t have anyone to turn to for support when things went wrong. She didn’t have family to run to. She had no one. “What do you want me to do?” 
“The real fortune teller calls herself Madame Rostropov—” Gillian virtually dragged her through the floodlit grounds, pushed her way into a small tent and picked up a costume. “Here—put this on while I try and untangle the mess you’ve created. As if I haven’t got enough on my plate, Alexandros Kozanitas is flying in tonight, which means the place will be crawling with press.” 
“Who?” Barely listening, Lauren gazed at the outfit in disbelief. “Half the fabric is missing.” 
“You’re supposed to look mysterious.” 
“It’s indecent.” 
“Wear it,” Gillian snapped. “And the fact that you’ve never even heard of Alexandros Kozanitas is another reason for you to stay hidden in this tent. I don’t want you putting your foot in it.” 
“He’s important?” 
“He is an ice-cold, ruthless heartbreaker, but he’s also rich and powerful and if he arrives at your party, you’re made.” 
Lauren wriggled into the outfit and winced. “I think the real Madame Rostropov must be flat-chested.” She stared down at herself in dismay. “I look like a hooker.” 
“Good. The men will write bigger checks.” Gillian sailed out of the tent and Lauren plopped down onto the chair, wishing the real fortune teller hadn’t picked this particular night to go off sick, and trying to work out how she could predict a happy future for anyone when her own life was such an utter disaster. 
***
“She is not a scam artist, Andros, she’s my friend. That’s why we’re going away together. She doesn’t have any money and I do! Why shouldn’t I treat her?” 
Absorbing that naive question with incredulous disbelief, Alexandros ground his teeth and wondered what sin he’d committed to end up with responsibility for his sister. “Your fortune-teller ‘friend’ is a leech, Eleni, who is using you to get a free holiday in New York.” 
“You’re wrong. And I’m not a child anymore. I’m seventeen. Stop protecting me!” 
Alexandros strode away from the helicopter, flanked by his security team. Eleni was his only family. He was hers. Because he’d always protected her, she had no idea what people were like. “If I’m wrong, she won’t accept the alternative I’m about to offer her.” 
“Alternative?” 
“An evening with me. She’s supposed to leave the party before midnight to catch a flight to New York. If she accepts my offer, she’ll miss it and that will tell us what we need to know about Madame Rostropov.” 
“You’ve flown to Monte Carlo to seduce her?” 
“I wasn’t planning to go that far.” 
“But you’re going to invite her on a date.” His sister exploded. “That isn’t a fair test—women never say no to you. They take one look at you and go stupid and brainless. If you hurt my friend I’ll never speak to you again!” 
Alexandros gave a grim smile. “If she’s truly your friend then she’ll turn me down. She won’t want to miss that flight.” 
“I hate you!” 
“No, you don’t.” Ending the call and pocketing his phone, Alexandros strode through the high-profile celebrity crowd, wishing that teenage girls came with an instruction manual. 
“Alexandros—” His hostess hurried towards him. “We’re so honored.” 
How people change, he thought. Ten years ago this society hostess wouldn’t have given him the time of day. 
Money talked. 
He glanced around the grounds of the hotel, which had been transformed into a glittering paradise. “Impressive party.” 
“We have fire eaters, magicians—even a fortune teller.” 
Alexandros gave a cynical smile. Fortune hunter. “I’d like a private audience with your fortune teller.” 
“Surely you already know your future…” His hostess laughed flirtatiously. “Global domination?” 
“Definitely domination,” Alexandros said silkily. “Although tonight what I have in mind is more one-on-one than global.” 
“She’s in the tent behind the jugglers.” The woman pointed. “Go. Discover what your future holds.” 
He knew what his future held. He was going to meet a manipulative woman, keep her by his side until Flight 741 to New York had taken off, and prove to his sister that the woman’s friendship was motivated by greed. 
Alexandros lifted the flap of the tent and ducked inside. 
The interior was draped in a rich red fabric and it took his eyes a moment to adjust to the dim light and ghostly shapes created by a lava lamp which sat in the centre of a small table. 
And then he saw her. 
“Welcome.” Above a flimsy veil, huge blue eyes met his and Alexandros felt his body tighten in a reaction so basic, so fiercely primitive, that it was as if centuries of civilization had been stripped away in one single glance. The air heated and hummed with a tension that was as unexpected as it was unwelcome. 
Outside, fireworks erupted to cries of approval from the guests. Shrieks of laughter mingled with strains of music from the band. Inside the tent there was a taut, tense silence—a shocked, shimmering awareness spun from invisible threads of chemistry that held them both transfixed. 
With iron self discipline, Alexandros hauled his feelings back inside himself and ruthlessly crushed that primal, prehistoric part of himself that threatened to explode to the surface. 
She was far younger than he’d expected. It was easy to see why his sister had been so easily duped. This woman didn’t look capable of swatting a fly, let alone planning and executing a complex scam. 
And then his gaze dropped to her lush breasts, barely contained by the straining dress, and he reminded himself that innocent blue eyes and a delicious body were a woman’s most powerful weapon. 
“Madame Rostropov?” 
“Er—that’s right. I’m—Madame Rostropov.” Her voice was smoky soft and slightly hesitant. “I can see your future.” 
Alexandros gave a sardonic smile. He could see hers. 
And it wasn’t looking good. 
CHAPTER TWO
“You seek knowledge of your future.” Lauren looked at the man over the top of her veil, wishing she’d never agreed to take the place of the fortune teller. “Sit, and I will tell you what I see.” Women tripping over themselves to climb into your bed, she thought dizzily. Broken hearts leaving a trail behind you. 
Reaching into his jacket, he removed a check book. “How much do I pay for the privilege?” 
“I do not take money for my craft,” Lauren warbled, improvising frantically. Why had Madame Rostropov, the real fortune teller, picked tonight not to turn up? The last thing she needed was to spend the evening sitting here, spouting rubbish. “The money is a donation to the children at the hospital. Give what you can. Sit. I must look into your eyes.” She wasn’t sure that was such a good idea given that her body still hadn’t recovered from the sizzling eye contact they’d shared when he’d first walked into her tent. But what was she supposed to do? 
As he moved, the light from the lava lamp illuminated his face and Lauren suddenly felt shaky. He was handsome, yes. But it was a hard, cold handsome. From the razor-sharp perfection of his bone structure to the firm lines of his deeply sensual mouth, every one of his features had been designed for strength. 
Reminding herself that exceptionally good-looking men were never interested in her, Lauren placed her hands on the lava lamp and then pulled them away sharply as she burned herself. Ouch. “I see a bright future for you,” she droned, trying to remember what her vile, bullying boss Gillian had told her to say if a man came into the tent. “You are going to be rich and successful.” 
A slow, deadly smile touched his mouth and he scrawled on the check with a bold hand. “I’m already rich and successful, agape mou. Tell me something I don’t already know.” 
Lauren looked at the check he handed her and almost passed out. It had to be a mistake. She counted the zeroes carefully. Six. “One million dollars?” 
“You told me to give what I can.” 
“To most people that means about ten dollars.” 
“I’m not most people. I’ll do a deal with you, Madame Rostropov.” The way he said the name made her shiver. 
“What deal?” 
“If you correctly guess what the immediate future holds for me, I’ll write you another check for the same amount.” 
“In that case I think your immediate future is going to involve resuscitating a shocked fortune teller.” Lauren fanned herself with the check and then tucked it into the bodice of her dress for safe keeping. If she lost it, Gillian would kill her. “Thank you. That’s going to make a big difference to the children.” 
“So now we’ve established that I’m rich, tell me what you see.” 
I see a man who knows everything there is to know about women, Lauren thought weakly. In the small, claustrophobic tent, she could feel the power and energy pulsing from him. “I see that you are going to meet a beautiful woman.” 
She felt a stab of envy for the nameless woman, thinking what it would be like to be this man’s date. “You’re going to spend a wonderful night together.” That was a pretty safe bet, she thought. There was no way this man would kiss a woman goodnight at her front door. 
“Go on.” He gave a slow, seductive smile that made her bones melt and sent her brain spinning away into a different universe where impoverished party organizers masquerading as fortune tellers ended up with billionaires. 
Except that sort of thing never happened, did it? 
Lauren brought herself back down to earth. “I expect this woman will fall in love with you,” she said gloomily, “and then you’ll probably dump her and ruin her life.” 
He raised an eyebrow. “Are you telling her fortune or mine?” 
Lauren froze. “I didn’t mean to say that out loud.” 
“Perhaps,” he drawled softly, “rather than ruining her life, I’d give her the night of her life. Have you considered that?” Without warning he reached out and tugged at her veil. The soft, filmy fabric floated to the ground but neither of them gave it a second glance. Trapped by his dangerous dark gaze, Lauren felt vulnerable and out of her depth. Beneath the perfect cut of his dinner jacket he was all raw power and hard muscle and her heart stuttered like a car engine on the blink. 
“That veil was my disguise.” 
“You’re admitting you’re a fake?” 
Was there any point in denying it? “I’m a complete fake,” she squeaked. “But it raises money for the children.” And if I don’t do it, I’m fired. 
“So you don’t really have a clue what my future holds?” 
What would the real Madame Rostropov say to that? “I’m sure it will be something incredible,” Lauren said feebly. “You look like one of those people who skate through life without hitting any of the bumps.” 
His gaze dropped to her mouth. “And there are bumps in your life?” 
“My life is one giant bump.” 
“So how many unsuspecting victims have been on the receiving end of your clichéd predictions so far this evening?” 
“Not many. I suppose in the current economic climate even A-list celebrities don’t want to think about the future.” Lauren fiddled with the lamp. “Or maybe I was telling them the wrong thing. Possibly.” 
A ghost of a smile touched his hard mouth. “What were you telling them, Madame Fake?” 
She hesitated. “I told the first woman that she was going to meet a tall, dark, handsome man.” 
“And she wasn’t pleased?” 
“She was delighted. Unfortunately her short blond boyfriend waiting outside the tent wasn’t too thrilled. He shouted at me—” Lauren inhaled deeply. “After that I decided to be nonspecific. I mentioned diamonds to one or two people. I waffled on about dreams.” Feeling guilty, she studied her bitten fingernails. “I got a bit carried away once and talked about desire. Basic fairy-tale rubbish.” 
“You don’t believe in fairy tales?” 
“No. Although life is so exhausting I do sometimes think that pricking my finger and sleeping for a hundred years would be nice.” 
A muscle flickered at the corner of his mouth. “And then you’d be woken by a kiss from your prince?” 
“In my life the prince would turn out to be gay because gorgeous men are either gay or married.” She pulled herself together. “Sorry. You didn’t pay to hear this. But to be honest you don’t strike me as the sort of guy who lets anyone else dictate his future.” He exuded confidence and authority and Lauren couldn’t imagine anyone telling this man what to do. 
Watching her, he leaned back in his chair. “You’re not what I expected.” 
“Well you don’t exactly look like the average visitor to the fortune-teller tent, either.” Not that she’d know, given that she wasn’t the real fortune teller. “Do you want a refund?” 
“No. I want to tell you your fortune.” 
“That’s easy, I’ll mess up.” Lauren heard an explosion of fireworks and wondered if it was coming from outside the tent or inside. The way he was looking at her drove the breath from her body and the sense from her brain. “I always mess things up.” 
“Not tonight. Tonight you are going to meet a tall, dark, handsome, rich man.” In the dim light of the tent his wicked eyes gleamed dark and dangerous. “You’re going to spend the evening with him and he is going to make your every wish come true. Dreams, diamonds and desire all in one evening. Welcome to your future, Madame Rostropov.” 
CHAPTER THREE
Alexandros watched the fortune teller through narrowed eyes. His burning anger had been replaced by another intense, sizzling emotion. Raw lust. The fact that she’d obviously chosen a costume that was too tight for her did nothing to cool his libido.
Incredible body, he thought. Shame about her morals.
He had no doubt that her sudden friendship with his teenage sister was driven by the lure of money, and to prove his theory he was about to throw temptation in the fortune teller’s path. If she was as genuine as his sister believed, then she’d refuse him and leave before midnight so that she could catch her flight to New York for a weekend of girl time and shopping. 
Alexandros had too much experience of the corrupting effects of money to believe she was genuine. 
He’d never yet met a woman who could resist the lure of wealth. 
“So?” He moved round the little table and pulled her to her feet. “How does an evening of diamonds and desire sound to you?” 
“Completely ridiculous!” Her voice was smoky soft and her eyes were laughing. “Apart from the fact I don’t even know your name, I’m the fortune teller. I’m part of the fundraising for this evening. I have to stay here until midnight.” 
And then she’d be on a flight to fleece his sister. “How much are you hoping to raise?” 
“Er—a lot? The ball is raising money for a new scanner at the children’s hospital. We’re grateful for anything.” 
“How much is the scanner?” 
She gaped at him. “I d-don’t know. More millions than I can imagine.” 
“But not more millions than I can imagine,” Alexandros purred. “I’ll buy them their scanner. Then you can close the tent. From this moment onwards, the fortune teller is off duty. You’re all mine.” 
She looked dazed. “You’ll buy the scanner? You’re kidding.” 
“It seems like a good way to spend money.” 
“It is, but—wow. That’s so generous of you.” 
“And now you have no reason not to spend the evening with me. Just for a few hours,” he drawled, mentally calculating the exact time by which she would have missed her flight. “It seems unfair for you to spend your evening trapped in here when there is so much going on outside.” 
She looked at him closely. “Have you been drinking the champagne?” 
“Not a drop. Why?” 
Her expression was wary. “Because guys who can buy a scanner without even checking their bank balance aren’t usually interested in girls like me.” 
Alexandros looked down at the soft swell of her breasts, barely contained by the flimsy outfit. “You’re stunning.” 
Her lips parted and then she glanced over her shoulder, as if she was looking for someone. “Me?” 
“We’re the only two people in this tent.” 
Eyes wide, she stared at him. “Are you trying to make someone jealous or something?” 
Alexandros sighed. “No. I’m trying to compliment you. I didn’t realize it would be so hard.” 
“Well, rich, good-looking guys don’t usually just come up to me and tell me I’m stunning, so forgive me if I’m suspicious.” 
Intrigued to meet someone as wary as he was about people’s motives, Alexandros smiled. “Perhaps you need a mirror.” 
“Perhaps you need a better light.”’ She pushed her hair away from her face in a haphazard way that told him she had no idea where it was ending up. It made a refreshing change from his last girlfriend who had refused to travel without a hairdresser in tow. In fact, if it weren’t for the fact she was fleecing his sister, he would have liked the fortune teller. 
“I have excellent night vision,” he drawled, and she rolled her eyes. 
“I just bet you do. I bet you’re extremely practiced at seeing in the dark.” 
“I use all of my senses. So—are you going to spend the rest of your evening alone in a tent, or are you going to live life to the full?” 
Her gaze slid to his and Alexandros recognized in her the same air of watchful distrust that characterized his dealings with people. He wondered who was responsible for the veil of caution she held between herself and the world. Ironic, he thought, that he should be trying to expose someone who appeared to share much of his own view of human nature. 
She licked her lips. “You’re seriously asking me to spend the evening with you? This isn’t a joke?” 
Alexandros, who had never had to ask a woman out twice, was thrown. “It isn’t a joke.” 
For a moment she looked at him and then she shook her head. “No. Sorry. You must have brought someone with you. A guy like you has to have some gorgeous skinny woman waiting for you somewhere.” 
“No one is waiting for me. At the moment I don’t have a partner, but I’m hoping to remedy that situation any moment now.” 
Instead of falling into his arms, she stepped backwards. “You’re smooth and I don’t trust smooth men.” 
Someone had hurt her, he thought. Badly. 
“I’m not smooth.” Alexandros thought about the years he’d spent sweating his way to the position he now held. “I’m definitely not smooth.” 
“But you’re ruthless.” 
“Only when the situation demands it.” He smiled. “Otherwise I’m a pussy cat.” 
“Technically, so is a tiger.” Her gaze was faintly mocking. “You’re no more a pussy cat than I am a fortune teller.” 
Entertained, Alexandros reached for her hand and drew her towards him. “Spend the evening with me.” 
“Why?” 
“Because I want to get to know you better.” And not just because of his sister. He wanted to know what had happened in her life to make her so cautious. 
He wanted to know how she’d met his sister and whether she needed money for a reason. Was she in some sort of trouble? Or was she just greedy? 
She tilted her head. “All right.” 
If it weren’t for the fact that she was letting his sister down without any visible signs of hesitation or regret, he would have liked her enormously. 
Contemplating his sister’s impending disappointment, Alexandros decided to give her one more chance to do the right thing. “If there is somewhere else you need to be this evening then I don’t want to stand in your way.” 
Her hesitation was so brief it was barely discernable. “Well, I’m supposed to be working, but given that you’ve just paid a small fortune—” 
“And after work?” 
“I’m not doing anything important.” 
Hearing her plans with his sister dismissed so carelessly, Alexandros felt a momentary flash of anger. 
“Good decision,” he said calmly, scrawling a note. It didn’t matter what had happened in her life, he told himself. He wasn’t interested in why she was so wary. His responsibility was to his sister, not this woman. 
She looked at the note. “‘Fortune teller gone to seek her fortune’?” 
“Pin it to the tent. Then no one will come looking for you.” 
Laughing, she did as he suggested. “This is crazy. I have no idea why I said yes to this. I don’t even know your name.” 
“You can call me Andros,” he said silkily. “And you’re about to have an evening you’ll never forget.” 
CHAPTER FOUR
“I’ve never been a guest at a party like this one.”
Lauren felt as though she was walking through a fairy tale. The hotel grounds had been transformed into a magical, twinkling paradise, a million tiny lights illuminating the trees, fireworks lighting the sky with a thunderous explosion of color. 
She felt disorientated. One moment she’d been trapped in a tent, posing as the absent fortune teller, the next she was on the arm of a man so lethally handsome that her body was on fire. 
The whole thing was like a dream. It was too good to be true. 
“Lauren! What do you think you are you doing?” Her boss’s voice cut through her daydreaming like the blade of a knife and Lauren woke to find her fantasy floating to the floor in tatters. Definitely too good to be true. 
“I was—” She was going to be fired. She’d risked everything for a few hours with this man. How could she have been so stupid? 
The cold wind of reality slapped her in the face and she tried to step away, but the man hauled her against his side with a powerful arm. 
“She’s with me.” His voice was hard and unapologetic, a verbal challenge tossed carelessly at the feet of her apoplectic boss. 
Pulled into intimate contact with his muscular frame, Lauren made a pathetic attempt to free herself, breathlessly conscious of his hard thigh pressed against hers. Sensation spread like fire through her belly and she heard him curse softly under his breath. “Stop wriggling.” 
Face flaming, resigning herself to her doom, Lauren froze. “Gillian, I can explain—”
“Mr Kozanitas?” Gillian made a choking sound. “I didn’t recognize you in the dark. I—I’m so sorry to have intruded on your evening.”
Kozanitas? Lauren gaped up at the man who now held her in an iron grip, suddenly understanding why Gillian was squirming. 
“I have kidnapped your fortune teller.” Layers of easy charm covered an interior of solid steel. “Is that a problem?” 
“No problem.” Gillian grimaced. “I’m delighted you’ve found—entertainment.” She backed away, tripping over two security men in her haste to depart. 
“She makes a Rottweiler seem like a cuddly toy.” Lauren watched her go, feeling numb. “I guess I need to find another job.” 
“If she fires you, let me know.” His tone was ice cold and even though she knew that being fired was the likely outcome, a warm feeling spread through her body. He’d stood up for her. No one had ever done that before. She was used to fighting her way through life. Alone. 
“Thanks,” she said gruffly and he pulled her against him in shockingly intimate contact. 
“Why do you let her bully you?” 
“Because she pays my salary.” 
“You should get another job.” 
If only it were that easy. “Spoken like a billionaire.” Lauren gave a shaky smile. “You told me your name was Andros.” 
“Short for Alexandros.” 
“Ah. So you’re the scary Alexandros. Kozanitas.” 
He gave a sardonic smile. “Am I scary?” 
“Spelling your name is scary,” Lauren muttered under her breath, remembering the problems she’d had with the guest list. “Everyone is jumping around because you’re here tonight. My boss is demented.” And she was demented too, agreeing to spend an evening with a man like Alexandros Kozanitas. What was she thinking? “I can’t just leave without another job to go to. Not that I’d expect someone like you to understand that.” 
“I do understand.” The laughter in his eyes had been replaced by a flinty hardness and a chill that froze her blood. 
Flustered by the change in his expression, she looked away. “I can’t imagine you ever being poor.” 
“That’s because I’ve done everything I can to make sure it is never going to happen to me again.” 
And now he was worth a fortune. As they strolled through the grounds enjoying the entertainment, she couldn’t help but be aware that every woman in the party was sending her jealous looks. 
“What on earth are you doing with me?” Lauren jumped as an explosion of fireworks sent a million tiny stars cascading through the sky. “You should be with someone draped in diamonds.” 
“I agree.” He gave a slow smile. “So let’s drape you in diamonds.” Taking her hand, he led her towards a heavily guarded tent which housed an exclusive range of exquisite diamond jewelry from the world’s top designers. 
“Don’t be ridiculous.” Lauren stopped dead. Looking into his eyes, she felt her mouth dry. They were in a crowd of people, but she was aware only of him. As he pulled her against him, his thigh brushed hers and heat flashed through her, scalding her senses. The chemistry was more powerful than anything she’d ever felt before. The frantic ache low in her pelvis intensified and she sucked in an uneven breath. 
Confused, dangerously fascinated, she stole a glance at his mouth and suddenly knew that she wanted something much, much more than she wanted a diamond. She wanted him to kiss her. Even without testing her theory, she knew that he was a man who would know exactly how to kiss a woman. And she wanted to be that woman. 
As he lowered his head towards her, Lauren started to tremble. 
“Are you ready to be draped in diamonds?” His voice was thickened with the same shocking awareness that held her breathless, and her heart stuttered and stalled. 
“I’m ready—” 
***
This was all too easy, Alexandros thought to himself, watching the glow in her eyes as he fastened the diamond necklace around her throat. There was no outward evidence that the fortune teller was battling a moral dilemma. She was apparently only too happy to ditch an all-expenses-paid shopping trip with his sister in favor of a more lucrative evening with him. 
Contemplating the distress her greed was going to cause, Alexandros felt a flicker of anger. The fickleness of human nature was a hard lesson to learn, he thought grimly, but the sooner his sister became more cynical, the less protective he would need to be. 
“I can’t accept this.” Smashing his preconceptions into the ground, the girl lifted her hands to the back of her neck and tried to undo the clasp. “It isn’t right.” 
“You don’t like it?” 
“I don’t mean the necklace, I mean the fact that you’re giving it to me. Gifts like this come with a price tag,” she said gruffly. “And it’s going to be too high for me.” 
“Leave it.” Alexandros gently removed her hands from the necklace and turned her to face him. “It looks good on you.” 
“I cannot possibly accept it and even if I did, where would I wear it?” 
In bed with me, Alexandros thought immediately, shocking himself with the thought because ending the evening with this woman had not been his original intention. 
“I will take you somewhere you can wear it.” And suddenly he wanted to do that. He wanted to take her away from this ridiculously public charade and unwrap her in private. 
She looked up at him for a long moment then lifted her hand and slowly trailed her fingers over his cheekbone. “What do you want from me?” 
Staring down into those wide blue eyes, Alexandros felt a sharp stab of guilt. He’d wanted to prove to his sister that her new best friend was a greedy fake. But suddenly his priorities had changed and he wanted something else entirely. 
“What do I want from you?” Without hesitation he slid his hands into her silky hair and brought his mouth down on hers in a hungry, demanding kiss, answering her faltering question with a searing explosion of raw passion. 
CHAPTER FIVE
Lauren moaned against the skilled assault of his mouth, aware of the gasps from the people watching but too wrapped up in the moment to care. All she cared about was the fact that Andros was kissing her and her entire body was melting in the almost intolerable heat created by his sure, skilful touch. His body was hard against hers, his hands firm on her head as he held her still for a kiss loaded with sexual promise. 
Through a haze of desire she heard a clock chiming somewhere in the distance and he lifted his head slowly. 
“Midnight.” The way he said the word made it sound as though the hour had some significance and Lauren wondered if she was missing something. 
“What happens at midnight?” 
There was a long silence and he was unnaturally still. “We leave.” 
There was a collective sigh from the watching women as Alexandros locked his fingers with hers and led her out of the tent. 
“Where are we going? I’m still wearing the diamonds—” Lauren stumbled as she tried to keep up with his long stride. “I don’t want to be arrested for theft.” 
“The necklace is yours.” 
“It can’t be mine. I didn’t pay for it.” Her hair flew into her eyes and she anchored it with her hand, laughing as they ran across the grass, dodging celebrities who were enjoying everything the ball had to offer. 
“I’m a very good customer.” 
Skewered by sudden doubt, Lauren stopped running. “I’m not sure I wanted to know that. What am I doing with you? I’ll be fired for this. I must be completely crazy.” 
Andros looked at her through hot, sexy eyes. “Not yet, but you will be soon, agape mou. Once we are back at my house and we have privacy, I will drive you completely and utterly crazy. That’s a promise.” 
Lauren knew she was in trouble. Her mouth dried and nerves exploded in her stomach, creating a more spectacular display than any of the fireworks that exploded around them. “We’re going back to your house?” Here, in the relative safety of the exclusive hotel, surrounded by partygoers, she felt secure. It had all been a bit of light-hearted fun. The thought of going with him alone to his house created a completely different sensation in the pit of her stomach. Not safe, she thought to herself. And not light-hearted fun. Deadly serious. 
Alexandros Kozanitas wasn’t some good-natured young boy who would be prepared to flirt and end the evening with a chaste good-night kiss. He was all man—strong and powerful, sure of what he wanted and completely ruthless about achieving his goals. What he wanted, he took. “I gather your house isn’t in Greece.” 
He smiled. “I own a villa down the coast in Cap Ferrat. It’s closer than my home in Greece.” 
He had more than one home. Of course he did. Lauren bit back a hysterical laugh, thinking of the room she rented in the roughest part of London. “Any minute now I’m going to wake up back in my boring life.” 
“To wake up, you first have to sleep and the one thing I can promise you we won’t be doing is sleeping.” Everything about him was blatantly sexual—from his searing glance to the dangerous curve of his beautiful mouth, and Lauren knew she was lost. 
“Maybe we should just stay here.” 
“Coward.” 
“Yes.” Lauren gasped as he lowered his mouth to her throat. His breath was warm against her skin and she closed her eyes, shaking with sensation. “If I wasn’t afraid, I’d be stupid.” And maybe she was stupid, standing here wearing this man’s diamonds when the whole thing could only end one way. Wound as tight as a spring, she jumped as another firework exploded and he gave a low laugh and took her hand again, leading her through the glittering throng of people. 
“Let’s get out of here. I’d rather you didn’t die of a heart attack before we reach the good part.” 
A delicious panic swallowed her whole. “My things are back in the hotel. I don’t have anything to wear except this stupid fortune-teller outfit.” 
“You have the diamonds, agape mou,” he purred, urging her aboard the sleek, dark helicopter that bore his logo. “That’s all you’re going to be wearing for the foreseeable future.” 
Lauren clutched her seat as the helicopter rose like a bird into the darkness of the night, leaving the glittering party far below them. 
Diamonds and desire, she thought. But at what price? 
His villa hugged the hillside overlooking the bay. Still holding her hand, Alexandros led her through fragrant gardens, past a fountain spilling water and a blue-lit infinity pool and through open glass doors into an elegant bedroom. A four-poster bed dominated the room, framed with filmy white drapes and covered in silk cushions. 
Lauren stood, listening to the soothing hiss of the waves on the beach below, her tummy clenched in a knot of helpless desire as her mind raced ahead, conjuring up images of what it would be like to make love on a bed like that. With a man like him. 
The moment stretched, the anticipation almost agonizing. 
“Andros—” 
His hand slid round her waist and he pulled her hard against him as he took her mouth in a hungry kiss. “Lie down, Sleeping Beauty,” he murmured against her lips, “and I’ll kiss you for a hundred years until a spinning wheel comes and pricks your finger.” 
Lauren gasped as he swung her into his arms. “You’re mixing up your fairy tales.” 
“It doesn’t matter. You don’t believe them anyway.” 
She was starting to. 
She was starting to believe in happy ever after and happy endings. With him holding her she could believe in anything. She felt sexy, irresistible and feminine. Captivated by the dark, dangerous gleam in his eyes, she held his gaze as he lowered her gently onto the pile of soft cushions and came down over her in a smooth, decisive movement that left her in no doubt as to his intentions. 
“You’re wearing too much.” His voice thickened, he lowered his mouth to the swell of her breasts exposed by the flimsy outfit. “Sorry about this—” Without further warning he ripped the dress from neckline to hem, swiftly dispensed with her underwear and then cupped one swollen breast with his hand. “That’s better.” 
The heat in the room was stifling and hot tingles slid down her body as he stroked a leisurely hand over her stomach, and lower still. When his fingers eased between her thighs, Lauren tensed and then moaned against his mouth as he touched her with unerring skill and lethal accuracy. 
Feverish and desperate, she wrenched at his shirt, exposing hard muscle and raw male power. Dark hair grazed the peaks of her nipples and Lauren arched her hips, pressing into his hardness, driven wild by the sensations he spun inside her. 
Her fingers dragged down the warm, sleek skin of his back and then slid round, over his abdomen until she covered him with the flat of her hand. The size of him shocked her and she felt a sudden flicker of apprehension that he might be too big. 
“Relax, erota mou.” He murmured the words against her mouth, his tone gentle. “Trust me.” His kiss was slow and sexy, building the need in her, creating a storm of sensation that built to a screaming peak of desire. 
She was dimly aware of him reaching for protection and then she felt the hard ridge of his erection against the smooth skin of her inner thigh. 
“Now,” she whispered, her fingers digging hard into his sleek, muscular shoulders. “Please, now…” 
Chapter Six


Lauren stared into his eyes, her heart pounding. It was going to be now. With this man. She should have been thinking why him? Instead she pressed her lips to the sleek muscle of his bronzed shoulder and thought yes, him. 
She wanted him in a way she’d never wanted a man before and every slow, sensuous kiss, every slick touch, made her burn for more. 
Heat shot through her body and she rocked her hips against him, feeling his powerful erection brush against her thigh, wondering briefly whether she should mention she hadn’t actually shared this degree of intimacy with anyone before. Probably not, Lauren thought dizzily as he pushed her hair away from her face and kissed her with more skill and knowledge than one man should have accumulated in a single lifetime. 
Her eyes drifted shut and she moaned into his mouth. If she’d known it felt this good, she would have done it before, but she’d never allowed herself to get that close to anyone. She’d always protected herself. Feeling light-headed, Lauren tried to work out what was different about this time but her thoughts were spinning and disjointed and just as she tried to open her mouth to tell him not to stop, he was inside her, his thrusts slow and smooth as he eased himself deep. He was hard and hot and she could feel the delicious pressure of him all the way through her body. 
Too much, she thought wildly and then he lowered his head and kissed her again, the teasing seduction of his mouth melting away her sudden tension and sending her excitement levels into orbit. Showered by sensation, aching for him, Lauren wrapped her legs around him, urging him on. 
But instead of responding to her feverish encouragement, he lifted his head and looked down at her, questions simmering in the dark depths of his eyes. 
And she didn’t want to answer those questions. Not here. Not now. 
“Andros,” she whispered, conscious of his velvet hardness deep inside her, and of the intimacy of that single look. “I want this. I want you.” She arched against him and he gave a low groan and then cupped her bottom and thrust deep, his movements infinitely gentle as he locked their bodies together, introducing her to an entirely new level of intimacy. He was all silk and virile heat, the power of his invasion driving the breath from her body. Pleasure clawed at her, raking through control, creating sensations she’d never imagined existed. 
Alexandros locked his fingers with hers and kissed her, the skilled stroke of his tongue intensifying the excitement as he found a perfect rhythm, each powerful thrust sending excitement rushing through her. The room shimmered with heat, the bed bathed in a glow of light that came from the floodlit pool on the terrace beyond the open doors. 
“You’re beautiful.” His voice was husky, his eyes a menacing black, and Lauren arched against him, drawing him deeper still, feeling nothing but hot, pulsing pleasure as he drove into her. The muscles of his shoulders rippled under her fingers and the heat spread through her body like a drug. It was the most sensual, erotic, overwhelming experience of her life, each plunge taking her deeper into paradise, until with a final thrust he sent both of them rocketing skywards. 
Wave after wave of the most intense pleasure erupted and Lauren dug her fingers into the sleek muscle of his shoulders, her body contracting against the powerful force of his as they were both flung into a vortex of sexual ecstasy that she knew was going to change her life forever. 
As they surfed the wave of extreme pleasure, he took her mouth, he took her body—he took everything she offered. 
Including her heart. 
***
It was the phone that woke him. 
Dragging himself from a sex-induced slumber, Alexandros rubbed his fingers across his face and checked the number on his phone. 
It was his sister. 
Swearing softly in Greek, he sank back against the pillows. Not now. He wasn’t prepared to have what could only be described as a delicate conversation. His sister was no doubt waiting at the airport in New York for her “new best friend” who had, unfortunately, been all too willing to accept a better offer from him. 
Reluctant to expose her as a greedy opportunist, he glanced down at the sleeping girl in his bed, realizing that he’d just made the situation a thousand times more complicated. 
“Eleni—”
“You owe me an apology.” 
Alexandros shook his head, trying to concentrate through the fog of sleep. “I apologize,” he said gruffly, keeping his voice low so that he didn’t wake the woman next to him. “You’re right, it was the wrong thing to do.” 
“No, it wasn’t. I’m glad you did it!” 
Failing to make sense of that comment, Alexandros frowned. “You’re glad? You’re not upset?” 
“Why would I be upset? I was right. You were wrong.” His sister sounded impossibly smug. “It’s the first time in my entire life I’ve known you to be wrong about anything so I’m going to make the most of it.” 
“Eleni—”
“It must have totally ruined your evening when you realized that my fortune-teller friend wasn’t even at your stupid party. She decided that the timing was just too tight so she pulled out of the job and by the time you were landing your helicopter at the party in Monte Carlo, she was already at the airport!” 
Alexandros stilled. “She can’t have been at the airport.” At midnight, Madame Rostropov had been with him. 
“Well, she was. I was so thrilled when she arrived in New York on time. Andros? Are you there? What’s the matter with you?” 
Alexandros licked dry lips. “She arrived on time? She didn’t miss her flight?” 
“No. She’s here now. And I know you’re going to tell me that she’s just interested in my money, but that isn’t true. Do you want to talk to her?” 
Alexandros closed his eyes. “No. You’re right. It’s time you learned to make your own judgments about people, Eleni.” 
He had enough problems of his own. 
If the greedy fortune teller was living it up in New York with his sister, then who had he just spent the night with? 
Who was lying in his bed? 

Chapter Seven


The days that followed were a haze of pure sensual bliss. They rose late, ate breakfast on the terrace and then explored the beaches and small Mediterranean towns around the exclusive peninsula of Cap Ferrat. 
But Lauren’s favorite place was the stretch of private beach that nestled below his villa. “I can’t believe you have this all to yourself.” She stooped and picked up a shell, frowning as she heard a buzzing from his pocket. “Aren’t you going to answer your phone?” 
“No.” He caught her by the waist and hauled her against him. “I’m with you.” It was a heady feeling, being wanted by a man like him. 
“You’re so lucky, being the boss. No one can fire you. What do you do, anyway?” 
“I design computer software.” 
Lauren pulled a face. “You must be very clever. Computers hate me.” 
Smiling, he tightened his hand on hers. “Lauren, computers don’t have feelings.” 
“That’s where you’re wrong. They’re vengeful. They wait until you’re doing a really, really important piece of work and then they gulp it down and you never see it again.” 
“It’s always possible to find lost files.” 
“Not if you’re me,” Lauren said gloomily. “I’m utterly rubbish at anything like that.” 
He slid his hands into her hair and lowered his mouth to hers in a teasing kiss. 
“But you have remembered the name of every single person we have met over the past few days and charmed each and every one of them. My staff think you walk on water and my finance director wants to marry you after a thirty-second phone conversation. You are a very special person.” 
“Ordinary,” Lauren muttered and he gave a slow smile. 
“Not from where I’m standing. That bikini suits you. You look good in hot pink.” 
“The clothes are fantastic.” Still self conscious, Lauren looked down at herself. “You shouldn’t have bought me so much stuff.” 
“You couldn’t spend the week in your fortune-teller costume.” 
“It wasn’t even mine! The real fortune teller is obviously much smaller. And I’m sure she’s better at seeing into the future than I am because I certainly never saw any of this happening.” Not even in my wildest dreams. Lauren slid her arms around his neck and then frowned. “Are you all right? You’ve gone all tense.” 
“I’m fine,” he said smoothly. “And it’s lunchtime. Let’s go and eat.” 
She wondered if she should remind him that she had a flight booked out of Nice airport in less than twenty-four hours’ time. 
He’d said nothing about his plans, had he? But she knew he couldn’t carry on ignoring his phone and burying himself in this Mediterranean paradise. 
He had a life to lead and so did she. 
And their lives didn’t overlap. 
As they walked back along the water’s edge, Lauren glanced over her shoulder, watching as the sea washed away their footprints. A cloud slid over her happiness and she shivered. It was as if they’d never stood there—never kissed. A brief fantasy moment that was already a memory. 
Reality crashed into her mind, sending her dreams spinning. 
There was such a thing as too good to be true, and this was too good to be true, wasn’t it? Things like this didn’t happen to people like her. 
“Do you know the story of Icarus?” 
He glanced at her as they took the path up to the villa. “Of course. I am Greek. He flew too close to the sun, burnt his wings and fell to earth.” 
The higher you fly, the harder you fall. 
Cupping her face in his hands, he lowered his head. “That isn’t you, Lauren. I’m not going to let you fall.” 
“I’ve used up all my holiday. I have a flight booked tomorrow.” 
“I’m not letting you go,” he murmured against her mouth. “You are going to stay here with me.” 
Lauren felt her tummy tumble. She couldn’t stay, could she? She had a job. On the other hand, was she really going to give this up? 
***
They were eating lunch on the terrace when there was a sudden noise from inside the villa and a pretty, dark-haired teenager appeared on the terrace. 
“Andros?” 
Seeing the immediate tension in his frame, Lauren at first assumed that this had to be an old girlfriend. Feeling slightly sick, she put down her drink and stood up. 
“Sit down,” Alexandros said quietly, his expression obscured by sunglasses. “Lauren, this is my sister, Eleni.” 
“Your sister?” Shocked to realize that she didn’t even know he had a sister, Lauren stilled. “Oh.” There were plenty of reasons why he might not have mentioned his sister, she reasoned. 
Eleni bounced up to Alexandros and poked a finger into his chest. “So your little plan backfired. You flew all the way to that party to seduce a fortune teller and she wasn’t even there.” 
Lauren’s mouth dried. “S-seduce a fortune teller?” 
“My friend is a fortune teller. I’d invited her to New York with me.” Oblivious to the impact her words were having, Eleni was grinning at her brother. “But Andros was sure she was only interested in my money and to prove his point he decided he’d make her a better offer. Unfortunately he never got the chance because she didn’t show up for work that night. She was already waiting at the airport for me. So my over-protective big brother had a wasted, boring evening.” 
Alexandros removed his sunglasses with a hand that wasn’t quite steady. “My evening wasn’t boring.” 
Lauren’s mouth was dry and there was a sudden roaring in her ears. Feeling disconnected, she stood up, her sudden movement rattling the cups on the table. Despite the heat of the day, she was suddenly icy cold and the ache inside her was so acute that she almost gasped. 
“Excuse me.” Her voice sounded strained. “I’ll call a taxi.” And that would wipe out all the extra money she’d earned working overtime for the ball. 
Serves you right, she told herself, for allowing yourself to get dreams mixed up with reality. 
“I didn’t mean to disturb you.” Guilty, Eleni glanced at her but Lauren was already halfway across the terrace. 
Behind her she heard Alexandros explode in a tirade of angry Greek and she swallowed down the lump in her throat as she pulled out her mobile phone and dialled the number of a taxi firm. 
“Lauren—” Alexandros stood behind her, his voice strangely uncertain. “It isn’t how it seems.” 
“You’re saying you didn’t invite me to spend the evening with you because you wanted to prove I was greedy?” She was shaking so much that the phone slid out of her hand and crashed onto the floor. 
“That is why I invited you to spend the evening. Initially.” His truthful response shook her and Lauren retrieved her phone, wondering how it could still be intact after a collision with a hard surface when her heart, which hadn’t been dropped, felt as though it had splintered into a million pieces. 
“Tell me one thing. When exactly did you discover I wasn’t your fortune teller?” 
“The first morning.” 
“And you didn’t say anything?” 
“It wasn’t relevant. That wasn’t why I brought you here.” 
Lauren wouldn’t let herself listen. She didn’t trust herself around this man. She’d allowed herself to be drawn in—to believe and dream. She’d allowed herself to feel. How was that possible after such a short time? “Sometimes when something seems too good to be true, it’s because it is. You can’t buy a future. You can’t buy a relationship.” Desperately hurt, dying inside, Lauren unfastened the diamond necklace and pushed it into his hand. “It wasn’t dreams, diamonds or desire, Andros. It was despicable.” 
	 
	

Chapter Eight


Alexandros pounded on the door with his fist, indescribable tension driving away his usual cool. What if she no longer lived here? What if— 
Lauren tugged open the door and her eyes widened. “Wh-what are you doing here? I’m waiting for my taxi.” 
Alexandros noticed the dark shadows under her eyes. She was as stressed as he was. “You gave me the diamonds back.” No woman had ever done that before. 
“I didn’t like what they meant. I see my taxi—”
“It can wait.” Alexandros closed his hand over her arm. The scent of her hair drifted through the air and he clenched his jaw, resisting an almost overpowering temptation to haul her against him and just kiss his way out of trouble. “It’s true that I kept you at the ball until I thought you’d missed your flight,” he ground out. “I won’t apologize for that because I was protecting my sister, but everything that happened after that was about us. It had nothing to do with anything else.” 
“You slept with me thinking that I was a greedy, gold-digging woman. What does that say about you, Andros?” 
He felt his gut twist at the pain in her voice. “It says that I’m not great at trusting people,” he said hoarsely. “It doesn’t come naturally to me. From what I’ve seen, it doesn’t come naturally to you, either, so you ought to understand that. If you trusted easily, you wouldn’t have walked out so readily.” 
She stood still. “How did you find me?” 
“Your boss.” 
“Ex-boss.” 
“She fired you?” Alexandros felt red-hot anger spear his body. “I will have you reinstated immediately.” 
“I wasn’t fired,” she said quietly. “I resigned. You told me to stop being afraid and you were right. If I’d stayed with her any longer I would have lost all my confidence.” 
“I’ll look after you.” Alexandros glanced past her into her cramped flat, hating the thought of her living alone. Struggling. “You’re brilliant with people. I’ll give you a job.” 
“I have a job.” There was pride in her voice. “Remember that woman with the blond boyfriend? Turned out he wasn’t that nice to her. After she left my tent, she ditched him and offered me a job. She’s Gillian’s biggest competitor.” 
Alexandros noticed the suitcase behind her. “You’re working?” 
“Believe it or not, she’s throwing another party in Monte Carlo.” The look in her eyes told him it was the last place she wanted to be. “Why are you here, Alexandros?” 
He’d been asking himself the same question. “Because I want you to understand why I did what I did.” 
“You don’t have to—”
“After our mother died, our father was persuaded to invest all his savings in a scam by a clever, manipulative woman. He lost everything. He drank.” Alexandros sucked in a breath. “Eleni was six months old when he died.” 
There was a long silence and then her fingers found his. “I’m sorry.” 
“I was sixteen. I was determined that we wouldn’t be separated but it was hard.” It was something he never talked about. Something he’d never shared. “You have no idea how hard. And then suddenly I started making serious money and everything changed. I saw the worst side of people.” 
“Your sister is lucky to have you protecting her.” Lauren looked up at him. “Was the real fortune teller taking advantage of her?” 
"No. Turns out she was genuine. I need to learn not to be so overprotective." 
“You don’t have to apologize for protecting your sister.” 
“You don’t have family.” His attempts to track her down had revealed that she’d been brought up in a children’s home, abandoned as a child. 
“No.” That single, lonely word told him everything about her life, and when she tried to remove her hand, he tightened his grip. 
“I love you, Lauren.” The words he’d never spoken before proved surprisingly easy to say. “Marry me.” 
For a moment she didn’t speak. Then she drew in a jerky breath and gave a little shake of her head. “Don’t be ridiculous.” 
“I love you—”
Her chest rose and fell as she breathed. “It’s impossible.” 
“—and I know you love me.” 
She gave a twisted smile. “Perhaps I don’t. Perhaps I’m just interested in your money.” Her voice was thickened with tears. “If I married you, you’d never really know, would you? You’d never be sure. Your life is a fantasy, Andros, but mine is reality and I’m already late.” Without looking at him, she dragged her hand away from his and slid into the waiting taxi. 
***
Lauren circulated among the guests, wishing her first job with her new company hadn’t been in this location. It was a cruel twist of fate. She flinched every time she saw a tall, dark-haired man in a suit and every firework was like an explosion in her heart. 
“You’re brilliant, Lauren.” Her new boss, Daisy, caught up with her halfway through the evening. “Can you do one thing for me? Pop into the fortune teller’s tent and check she’s doing all right?” 
Lauren paled. “No, I—” But Daisy was already sprinting away to rescue a waitress who had spilled a tray of glasses. 
Resigned to her fate, Lauren pushed aside the flap of the tent and walked inside. 
“Hi. Everything all right?” 
The girl looked at her over the top of her veil. “You’re going to meet a tall, dark, handsome rich man—”
“Stop.” Lauren held up her hand. “I’m just here to check on you. I don’t want to know my future.” 
“—and he’s going to give you a diamond ring.” 
Lauren felt a flash of exasperation. “And how can you possibly know that?” 
“Because he’s standing behind you—” the deep male voice slid across her nerve endings “—waiting to put it on your finger.” 
Lauren turned slowly and the smiling fortune teller discreetly left the tent. “Alexandros…”
Dark and impossibly handsome, he took her hand. “This is yours.” He slipped the ring onto her finger and Lauren stared down at the twinkling diamond in stunned silence. 
“And this…” He fastened the diamond necklace around her neck. “Sell both of them and you’ll be a rich woman. So now money is no longer an issue, you have no reason not to marry me.” 
Hardly daring to breathe, Lauren looked up at him. “But—” 
“I love you and I know you love me.” 
Her heart thudded. “This can’t be real. It doesn’t feel real.” 
He lowered his head and kissed her until she felt light-headed. “How does it feel now?” 
“Like a fairy tale,” she whispered. “And I don’t believe in fairy tales.” 
“This isn’t a fairy tale, agape mou.” Alexandros cupped her face in his hands. “This is real life.” 
“Not my life.” Lauren thought about who she was and who he was. “I can’t marry you. I’m ordinary. And dyslexic. I can’t even spell your name.” 
“I don’t care.” 
Still, she couldn’t allow herself to believe it. “I can’t give you what you want.” 
“You haven’t asked me what I want.” He rested his forehead against hers. “I want to spoil you, protect you, love you as you’ve never been loved before. That’s what I want. You said you didn’t like what the diamonds meant, but they meant love.” 
Looking into his eyes, happiness blossomed inside her. Love, she thought. The best fairy tale of all. “Perhaps we should check our future with the fortune teller.” 
“I can tell you what your future holds. Diamonds and desire, agape mou,” he drawled softly. “Diamonds and desire. For as long as we both shall live.” 
THE END 