'You get the real news at the hairdressers'.

Pete Lombard's mother had been telling him that for so many years, he had come to accept it had a basis of truth. After all, where else could one find out what restaurant was the best value for money, who was divorcing whom, who was cheating on their partners, bow good the latest videos were, what shows were worth seeing, the names of trades people who were re-fable and trustworthy?

That was the short list. There was also the open discussion of social issues, not to mention the dissecting of sensational crimes, critical appraisals on the public behaviour of celebrities and fulsome comment on the television news. Which, of course, was not the real news, only a superficial reporting of facts that needed a lot of fleshing out and sorting through of what was not being told.

Pete knew he was about to get some real news the moment his mother swept into his office, her hair newly cut, styled and coloured, her blue eyes agleam with recently acquired knowledge and a zeal for sharing it.

"The unemployment problem in Australia is dreadful, Pete," she declared as he rose from his desk to greet her.

"One of the effects of the recession," he remarked noncommittally.

"It's worse than the government says it is!" his mother cried in righteous outrage. "For one thing, they don't count the unemployed men who have wives working."
"That relates to social services. The household does have an income and can survive without government help," Pete explained as he moved to meet her for the ritual kiss on the cheek. He smoothly accompanied that with the ritual compliment. "You're looking wonderful, Mother. I like the softer style around your face. Very feminine."

It momentarily distracted her from the burning issue of unemployment.

"Thank you, dear. What do you think of the new apricot shade?" She primped and turned around to give him every viewpoint. "I had blonde streaks put through it in case it was too much."

"A delightful variation," he said warmly, knowing it would completely ruin his mother's pleasure in her appearance if he failed to give wholehearted approval.

"I'm so glad you like it." She beamed approval at him until she recalled her mission. "But I didn't come to show off my hair to you. I came to talk to you about the job you advertised. Employers simply aren't giving the unemployed a fair chance, Pete.

Pete had a nasty feeling of premonition as he watched his mother settle herself in a chair, obviously intent on not being shifted or sidetracked from what was on her mind. He resumed his seat behind the desk, knowing only too well that when Kathryn Whitlow had a bee in her bonnet, there was hell to pay one way or another. She might look soft and pliable, but she had the grinding bite of a bulldog when she got her teeth into something.

"I met the loveliest young woman at the salon today," his mother started brightly. "She was having her hair coloured, too, so we had time for a nice long chat. She was feeling really down because she'd just received a letter with another knockback for a job she would have liked."

Since one of his mother's solutions to depression was to change the colour of her hair, Pete could readily understand that the two women would share instant empathy. Very wisely he did not point out that an unemployed person could surely find better use for money than a splash out on vanity. Such a pragmatic remark would only provoke a lecture on male insensitivity to female psychology.

"She talked about all the jobs she had applied for in the last six months," his mother continued, "and not once has she been granted an interview.
Not once!"

The injustice of such discrimination rang through her voice, and Pete stirred himself to answer it. "Mother, some jobs draw literally hundreds of applicants in these hard times. An employer cannot afford to spend days or weeks on a series of interviews. It simply isn't productive.''

"So how do you choose whom to see?" his mother demanded.

"By various criteria. Work experience, qualifications. .."

"She has work experience and qualifications."

Pete shrugged. "Then others have more. Or have better references."

"But that's only written words on a page. Doesn't the person count for anything?" his mother argued.

"Yes. That's why an employer does hold interviews, Mother," Pete said reasonably.

"How many applicants did you get for the job you advertised?" she fired at him.

"Seventythree."

"And how many are you going to interview?"

"Seven."

"How long do you spend on an interview?"

"Fifteen minutes is usually enough to tell..."

"Then an extra fifteen minutes isn't going to take up too much of your productive time, Pete," his mother declared triumphantly. "The least you can do is give Fiona Melville a chance instead of putting her on the scrap heap like everyone else. It made me feel terrible when I found out that you were responsible for her disappointment and despair."

Pete gritted his teeth. The nasty premonition was fast becoming unpalatable reality. "I hope you didn't promise her anything, Mother."

Her eyebrows flew up in disdain. "Admit to the person on the receiving end of your blatant and callous insincerity that you were my son? You put me in a very untenable position, Pete."

"I'm sorry, Mother," he soothed, relieved that some sense of discretion had held her sympathy in check.
"How would you feel if you got a letter dashing your hopes that readù" She reached into her handbag and flourished the form letter he had sent out.' 'I deeply regret..." Her blue eyes flashed scorn. "How can you deeply regret an action when you haven't done anything at all?"

"It's merely a polite wayù"

"It's obscene, Pete. Dishonest and obscene. And it goes onù"

"Mother, I know what I wrote," Pete cut in curtly. "I sent out sixty-six such letters, each costing me stationery and a forty-five-cent stamp, not to mention the time spent by my secretary. It was, in fact, a courtesy that few employers bother with these days. What do you expect me to write? Tough luck, you're not good enough to make it to the short list?"

It was absolutely rotten luck for him that his mother had been the recipient of a tale of woe from one of the unsuccessful applicants, Pete thought bitterly. Now he was in for about of do-gooding interference. He could smell it coming.

"Why wasn't Fiona good enough?"

He heaved an exasperated sigh. "I don't remember."
His mother snorted. "Well, whatever criteria you judged by, you were wrong about her, Pete. It's not her fault that she came home to a recession. That's the government's fault."

"Came home from where?" Pete asked pertinently.

"It's only natural that she should have wanted to visit England. Her parents emigrated from there when she was only a baby. Then it was only sensible to see as much of Europe as she could. That's why she took all those temporary jobs in London, to save the money so she could travel."

Great thought Pete. No doubt she would be off again to discover Asia or the Americas as soon as she built up enough savings to keep her out of trouble.ö

"I need someone who will stick with me, Mother," he said, without hope for that vital piece of understanding.

"Pete, you also need someone bright and enterprising." Kathryn Whitlow put on her bulldog face. "I want you to give her a chance."

He closed his eyes, counted to ten, then addressed his mother in a very firm voice. "On average, I do you a favour a month, all of them expensive, but none of them I grudge. Asking me to take on a personal assistant, sight unseen, whom I have to live with day in and day out, is going too far, Mother."

"I didn't say you had to take her without seeing her first. Obviously you have to give her an interview or it will look fishy. I wouldn't want her to think she didn't get the job on her own merits. Call in your secretary and I'll dictate the letter."

"I prefer to dictate my own letters, Mother," Jason said resentfully.

"Then I'll listen while you do it. Make sure you get the wording nice and right. And it will have to be sent right away in order to catch the mail. Poor Fiona will be spending a miserable weekend as it is. At least she'll have good news on Monday."

His clients trusted him to get the wording right on million-dollar contracts. Pete prided himself on using language effectively. With care, conciseness and simplicity. But there was no point in arguing with his mother. She had even
scorned his legal expertise and drafted her own will.

An interview, Pete reasoned, was only fifteen minutes. The most economic course of action was clear. He called his secretary, asked her to bring in Fiona Melville's application, then smiled at his mother with every appearance of compliance to her wishes.

"I'll give her the chance to impress me, Mother," he said indulgently, "But if she doesn't suit my requirements, nothing will induce me to take her on. Fair enough?"

"Really, Pete," his mother chided, her eyes glowing with brilliant satisfaction, "as if I wouldn't know the kind of person who would suit you! Fiona will be perfect in every way. She has the most glorious head of hair...."


