'Gus, can we go for a ride in the desert this morning?' Jamal jumped up and down on her bed and Gus forced her eyes open.

There'd been no word from Robin and she'd barely slept for the past three days and nights. Obviously he wasn't coming back, she reflected miserably. He'd just assumed that she'd go with Peter. He'd wanted her to go with Peter.

Their marriage contract was ended.

Shaking off the deep depression that threatened, she smiled at the little boy. 'Of course we can go riding in the desert. I'll just get dressed.'

At least riding took her mind off her problems, even if it was only fleeting.

She knew it was only a matter of time before someone arrived to take Jamal back to Kazban, and then her reason for being here would be over.

Until then, she would make the most of being in the desert. The place that was so closely linked with her love for Robin.

She dressed quickly and took the little boy to the stables.

'Can we go to the caves?'

Gus shook her head. 'That is a trip for you to do with Robin,' she told him. 'I don't know the way and it could be dangerous.'

'But it's early in the morning and Robin said that as long as we set off early we could go.'

'But that was when he was with us,' Gus pointed out. 'I wouldn't have a clue how to get thereù'

'But you can see them in the distance,' Jamal pleaded and she bent and gave him a hug.

'Robin will take you. He promised. You and I will do a more local trip.'

The little boy's face fell and she was about to say something to cheer him up when one of the staff came hurrying up carrying a satellite phone.

'There is a call for you, my ladyù'

Robinù

Her heart thumping with excitement and trepidation, she took the phone and walked back to the tents, anxious for privacy so that they could have a proper conversation. After all, they hadn't spoken at all since Peter's unexpected arrival days earlier.

'Robin?'

'It's Peter.'

'Oh.' Disappointment thudded through her with the force of an express train. She'd wanted it to be him so badly. 'Did you arrive home safely?'

'Yes, and I just wanted to check that you're OK. When are you coming home?'

'Soon,' she said evasively, not wanting to face the fact that her marriage was over. Robin obviously wasn't coming back for her. She had no doubt that soon he'd send for Jamal and her reason for staying would be gone.

Trying not to think about that, she talked to Peter about Paloma, ascertained that she was much better and then talked about their plans for the future.

By the time she eventually broke the connection almost half an hour had passed and she realized that Jamal would still be waiting for her to go riding.

Feeling guilty, she hurried back outside, expecting to see him bouncing on the spot impatiently.

There was no sign of him.

'Jamal?' She called his name, a frown on her face as she walked along the paths that criss-crossed the fields and led to the stables. 'Jamal?'

She arrived at the yard and saw the staff clustered together at one end, chattering excitedly.

She suppressed a groan, wondering what mischief Jamal had been up to this time.

'Where is the child?' She addressed the nearest servant and he waved his hand frantically towards the desert.

'Gone. He has gone.'

Gus froze. 'What do you mean he has gone? Gone where?'

'He has gone into the desert, my lady. To the caves,'

Her heart lurched. 'And you let him?'

'He ordered us to let him go, my lady. He is a royal prince. We cannot stop him.'

'He is a royal prince who is five years old,' she spat, whirling round and looking at the others. 'Why didn't any of you go with him?'

They glanced at each other nervously and then one of them waved a hand at the sky. 'Very bad storm coming, my ladyù'

Gus looked up impatiently and felt a lurch of fear as she saw the ominous colour of the sky and felt the threatening breath of the wind touch her face. The palm trees swayed and a faint mist of sand was visible above the curve of the dunes.

She'd never been in a desert in a storm, but Jamal had told her about them.

'I have to go after him. Saddle me a horse now.'

There was a tense silence and they shook their heads. 'It is too dangerous. The storm is less than an hour away and you will never reach him in time. We must just hope he has reached the caves and has found shelter. After the storm we will go to him.'

'Well, after the storm will be too late,' she said angrily, taking several deep breaths while she tried to work out what to do. A loud stamping and snorting came from one of the stables and she glanced up and her eyes narrowed.

Sahara.

Without communicating her intention to anyone, she sprinted across the yard, grabbed a saddle and a bridle and hurried to his box.

'OK, now I know you don't generally let anyone ride you except Robin,' she said softly, sliding the bolt carefully and walking into his box, 'but this is an emergency.'

The horse sniffed her suspiciously and gave a snort of disgust when he saw the bridle.

'Yes, I know,' Gus crooned, stroking a hand over his silken neck, feeling the powerful muscles under her fingers. 'I know you don't want me to ride you but you're my only hope. I need to be on the fastest horse in the world, and everyone tells me that's you.'

Still talking, she saddled and bridled the horse and led him into the yard.

The staff were staring at her in horrified silence, unable to move. Finally one of them stepped forward.

'You cannot ride that horse, my ladyù'

'I have to.' She held tight to Sahara, who was dancing on the spot. 'He's my only chance of reaching Jamal before the storm. Someone give me a leg up.'

The horse was enormous and she had absolutely no chance of vaulting onto him without help.

But no one helped her. They just stared.

'No one has ever ridden that horse except the Crown Prince,' someone said and she gritted her teeth.

'Then it's time we gave him some variety. Now, will one of you help me?'

'I will help you.' From nowhere, Sharif hurried forward, his face lined with worry. 'I have only just heard. They have behaved very badlyùthey should have gone after the child, no matter how bad their own fears. The prince will be severely angered.'

'Never mind that now. Can you get me on this animal, Sharif?' Gus muttered, glancing up and thinking that the horse seemed like Everest. Unattainable.

Without further question Sharif put his hands under her knee and lifted her onto the horse in a powerful movement.

The horse snorted and danced and Gus held the reins lightly, her touch gentle.

'It's OK,' she crooned softly, stroking his neck with her hand. 'We're going to find Jamal together.'

'I will inform the prince,' Sharif said quickly, his eyes troubled as he looked at her. 'I wish you good fortuneù'

Without waiting to hear the rest of his words, Gus urged Sahara forward and headed for the caves.


'She has gone into the desert? In a sandstorm?' His handsome face a mask of incredulity and anxiety, Robin sprang out of the helicopter and strode towards the stables with Sharif hurrying to keep up.

'She went after the child, Your Highness. About an hour before your arrival.'

Robin stopped dead and let out his breath in a hiss. 'Why did no one try and stop the child?'

'Her Highness was taking a telephone call at the time,' Sharif explained, 'and none of the other staff felt able to prevent the child from carrying out his plan. Jamal can beùa difficult child to handle, as you know, Your Highness.'

'Only Gus has the measure of him, it would seem,' Robin returned grimly. 'Why did none of the staff follow him, or at least go with Gus?'

'They were afraid.' Sharif swallowed. 'She took Sahara, Your Highness.'

Robin stopped dead, fear punching his heart like a fist. 'She rode the stallion?' His voice was rough with concern and Sharif bowed his head.

'Indeed. Her Highness believed the horse was her only hope of reaching the child in time.'

Robin closed his eyes. He'd had several days to get used to the idea that Gus was the opposite of everything he'd ever encountered in a woman before. Instead of selfish she was selfless, instead of cold she was warmth and instead of
taking she gave.

And this time she was risking her life for a second time to save his wayward little nephew.

The thought that he might have found her only to lose her made him growl in anger. 'I will take the helicopter up again.'

Sharif's eyes widened in dismay. 'Your Highness, you can'tù'

'She has taken the fastest horse,' Robin bit out grimly, striding back towards the helipad behind the stables. 'The four-by-four will never reach her in time.'

'But the wind is rising. The risk is enormousù'

'I know the risk, Sharif,' Robin replied harshly, reaching the helicopter and dismissing his guards with a snap of his fingers. 'Which is why I will fly myself.'

'Your Highnessù'

Robin turned to his adviser, a man who was almost a father to him. His eyes were fierce and his voice was rough with anxiety. 'We are talking of my nephew and the woman I love, Sharifù'

'So be it.' A light appeared in the other man's eyes. 'In that case, hurry. The storm is approaching fast.'


Gus screwed up her eyes against the wind, holding onto a hunk of Sahara's mane as he galloped full pelt through the desert towards the caves.

Ahead she could see the sky darkening and she knew that time was running out. And still there was no sign of Jamal.

'Where is he, Sahara?' she muttered, squinting at the horizon, looking for something, anything, that might give her a clue as to the little boy's whereabouts.

But she saw nothing except sand. Mountains and valleys of sand threatened by a sky so black that it made her shiver.

It was still daytime and yet it might have been night.

She could see the caves clearly now. Had Jamal reached them?

And then Sahara came to an abrupt halt, rearing up on his hind legs, squealing with fear and surprise.

Taken by surprise, Gus tumbled off his back and landed in the sand.

'Gus?' A wobbly voice came from next to her and she sat up, to find Jamal huddled in a heap next to her.

'Oh, sweetheartù' Weak with relief, she hugged the little boy tightly and then scrambled to her feet, knowing that there was no time to lose.

'We have to get out of here.'

'Em, the pony's gone. He stumbled and I fell off.'

'Never mind that now.' Gus lifted him up and looked around her frantically. 'We need to get to the caves. There's a storm coming, Jamalù'

Already the sand was blowing around them and she tied her scarf round the child's head to protect his eyes, squinting into the distance.

It was too far.

They were never going to make it.

'Sahara!' She shouted for the horse but he snorted wildly and cantered into the distance, excited and frightened by the building storm.

Jamal gave a little sob and snuggled against her, turning his head against the rising wind. 'I'm sorry, Emù'

His choked apology brought a lump to her throat and she hugged him hard. 'Don't worry, darling, we'll be fine,' she promised, but her heart was thudding in her chest and her palms were clammy with fear. There was no way they'd reach
the caves without the horse and Sahara was badly frightened and determined not to be caught.

And then she heard it.

A clack-clacking sound. She shielded her eyes and looked up, her heart surging with relief as she saw the black helicopter settling onto the sand like a giant insect.

'It's Uncle Robinù' Jamal pulled away from her and ran towards the helicopter just as an athletic figure sprang onto the sand.

He was by her side in seconds, his fingers biting into her upper arms as he held her steady. He seemed unbearably tense and she realized that it was the first time she'd ever seen him close to losing his cool.

'Where is Sahara?' His voice was harsh and he gave her a little shake.

'He galloped off,' she said, raising her voice to be heard above the wind. 'The wind frightened him.'

Robin muttered something under his breath and then lifted his fingers to his mouth and whistled sharply. The same whistle he'd used that evening in the souk.

Almost immediately the powerful horse galloped up to them and Gus looked at him in amazement.

'Get on.' Robin lifted her bodily into the saddle and then placed Jamal in front of her before vaulting on himself and shouting something at the stallion.

He clamped protective arms around Gus and Jamal and the horse took off at speed, plunging through the sand and the storm towards the safety of the caves.

How the horse could move so fast carrying three of them, Gus didn't know, but somehow they made it to the entrance of the caves and Robin immediately vaulted off and smacked the horse on the rump, sending him deeper into the cave.

'Uncle Robin!' Jamal cried out in fear, glancing back over his shoulder as Sahara pranced deeper into the cave.

'Go!' Robin growled. 'I will join you in a minute.'

Gus had no idea what he was doing but she was so relieved to be out of the storm that she followed his orders without question.

Besides, he so clearly knew what he was doing, whereas she didn't have a clue.

Sahara plodded deeper into the cave and it started to grow darker. Gus swallowed and pulled the horse to a standstill, listening, hoping to hear Robin behind them.

At first there was nothing.

Only the howl of the wind and the eery sound of dripping water in the cave. And then she heard hooves.

'He's found my pony!' Jamal gave a squeal of delight and slid from Sahara's back.

Robin gave him the pony to hold and then stretched up and lifted Gus out of the saddle, lowering her carefully to the ground.

Her body brushed against the hard muscle of his and she gave a shiver of relief, leaning into his strength.

'I can't believe you flew in that.'

He gave a groan and shook his head. 'And I can't believe you rode Sahara in that.'

Her pulse rate increased. 'You're angry that I took your precious horse, butù'

'No.' He gave her a little shake. 'Not because of the risk to Sahara, but because of the risk to you, az¯z.'

He was worried about her?

'I had to try and get to Jamal,' she said simply, 'and I could see no other way.'

He closed his eyes briefly. 'And for that I am eternally grateful,' he grated, 'because had anything happened to the childù'

'It didn't.' Gus reached up and touched his cheek, feeling the roughness of his jaw under her shaking fingers. 'Thanks to you. If you hadn't come when you didù'

His fingers tightened on her arm. 'We will not think about that.' He stared down at her, and then he looked at Jamal, who was cuddling the pony. 'We must get deeper into the cave.'

Gus looked at him, less than enthusiastic. 'It's very darkù'

Suddenly his eyes lit with amusement. 'This is the girl who abseiled down the side of my palace and rode my half wild stallion through a sandstorm. Are you telling me you're afraid of the dark?'

'Actually, yes.' Her voice was small and he frowned, pulling her against him.

'I will let nothing hurt you,' he said hoarsely. 'Believe that, Gus. You are mine and I will protect you with all that I have, including my life.'

Her heart pattered frantically, but she reminded herself that he was just grateful because she'd tried to save Jamal.

They moved deeper into the cave until finally Robin said that they could rest. 'There is water here and the sand will not penetrate this far,' he said, reaching into his backpack and removing blankets and drinks. He tucked Jamal into a blanket and, showing all the resilience of youth, the child was soon asleep.

Robin flicked on a torch. 'We will wait for the storm to die down and then they will rescue us.'

'Will they? No one would help me rescue Jamal,' Gus said in a hushed voice and his mouth tightened.

'And for that they will be severely punished. If anything had happened to either of youù'

'How did you know where I was?'

Robin settled himself comfortably and pulled her close. 'Sharif called me urgently. I was with my father and the moment I heard I flew myself back to the oasis only to find that you'd taken Sahara and ridden into a sandstorm.' He exhaled sharply and turned to look at her, his eyes glittering dark in the torchlight. 'For the second time in my life I knew real fear.'

'When was the first time?'

He gave a rueful smile. 'When I thought you were about to be crushed to death under Sahara's hooves.'

She touched his arm. 'It's natural to be worried about your nephewù'

'Not just my nephew,' he said softly, lifting a hand and touching her face gently. 'I had expected you to leave with Peter.'

Gus's heart did acrobatics inside her chest. His voice was warm and intimate. Just for her. And it made her nerve endings tingle.

'You dashed off so suddenly and I didn't want to leave Jamal without either of us there, especially if there was some scandal involving his mother brewingù' She bit her lip. 'In fact it's my fault he got into trouble, Robin. I was on the phoneù'

'And he is a mischief,' Robin interrupted in a dry tone. 'With plenty of staff to look after him, all of whom failed in their duty to him. Unlike youù'

'I love him.'

'I know you do. And I owe you an apology for the way I have treated you, az¯z,' he groaned, leaning forward and taking her hand in his. 'I have spent so much of my life surrounded by people who are never what they seem that when I finally met someone who was exactly as they seemed, I missed it.'

'It really doesn't matter.'

'You are very forgiving but I would expect no less from you. You told me repeatedly that you were innocent and I refused to believe you and that shames me,' he confessed, his voice rough and intensely masculine. 'I have treated you appallingly and yet still you stay and care for my nephew, even though your own brother has repaid the debt.'

'Having met your sister-in law, I can hardly blame you for being cynical,' she said, touched by his apology.

His black eyes hardened. 'My love for her died when she married my brother. I realized almost immediately that I had been spared from making a serious mistake. Unfortunately the same could not be said of my brother. She tore Raschid
apart with her tricks, her deviousness and her constant demands for money. She was directly responsible for his premature death.'

Realising that he was confiding in her for the first time, Gus snuggled closer. 'What happened?'

'Raschid found himself torn between the demands of his people and the demands of his wife. During one of her tantrums he followed her into the desert in a fierce storm. His vehicle turned over and he was killed.'

Gus gave a murmur of sympathy, hardly able to imagine how Robin must have felt.

'Once my brother was buried she turned her attention back to me. She cried and wept and told me that she'd made a mistake marrying Raschid. Apparently I was her one and only love.' His mouth twisted in a cynical smile as he finally turned to look at her.

'But that isn't love! She clearly didn't love either of you,' Gus blurted out, horrified by the story. 'Only herself. That's awful! Coming between brothers like that. Frankly I'm amazed that you allowed her houseroom.'

His broad shoulders tensed. 'She remained in the family only because of her link with Jamal.' A muscle worked in his lean jaw. 'And my father always entertained a hope that I would marry her because he felt that I might be able to curb her behaviour.'

'Which was why you were in such a hurry to marry meù'

Robin was studying her with a strange expression on his face. 'I thought so at the time.'

'But now she's goneù'

Along with the reason for their marriage.

'She has indeed gone,' Robin confirmed with a considerable degree of satisfaction that he didn't even bother to hide. 'And my father has decided that it would be best if she were permitted to live her life away from Kazban.'

'But what about Jamal?'

His mouth tightened. 'Danielle has never been a mother to Jamal. Her last action before leaving Kazban was to give permission for me to adopt the boy.'

'Oh.' Gus breathed out, surprised by the enormity of his declaration. 'So she isn't going to bother you againù'

'It would appear not.'

Gus licked her lips, suddenly weighed down by a deep depression. 'So finally I get to go home.'

'Ah.' His voice sounded slightly odd in the semi-darkness. 'I'm afraid not.'

'Not?' She stared at him, confused. 'You're still refusing to release me?'

'That's right,' he drawled softly, his masculine tone turning her body to liquid. 'This particular prince is planning to keep you locked up for a bit longer.'

Gus swallowed, achingly aware of his strong fingers still linked through hers. 'How much longer?'

'About one hundred years.'

There was a tense silence while she digested his words. 'Sorry?'

'I love you, Gus,' he said softly, finally releasing her hand, but only so that he could lift her bodily onto his lap. 'And there is no way that anyone is ever going to rescue you from my tower. I am going to keep you there and give
you all the babies you've ever wanted.'

Dazed with shock, she curled her fingers into the front of his shirt. 'But you don't believe in love. You believe in marriage contracts and children as a by-productù'

'Don't remind me that I said that,' he breathed, and his mouth swooped down on hers. He kissed her until she was breathless and then finally lifted his head with obvious reluctance. 'I was a thoughtless, heartless bastard and I know
that I hurt you very badly. I also know how much you've dreamed about a proper family. I want to give you that family, az¯z. From now on I'm going to be doing everything that the prince in the fairy tale is supposed to do.'

Gus gave a shaky laugh. 'I can't believe you love me.'

'It took me a while to realize it myself,' he confessed ruefully, and she touched his face, still dazed with happiness.

'When did you fall in love with me?'

This was her fairy story and she wanted to be in on every detail.

'It began when you climbed down the palace wall to escape from me,' he drawled, stroking a gentle finger down her cheek. 'It was a first. No woman has ever tried to escape from me before. I assumed it was an elaborate actùa very clever trick to attract my attention.' He gave a self-deprecating smile. 'You are a considerable blow to my ego.'

'I just wanted to get home to Peterù'

'And I understand that now, but not then.' He gave a short laugh. 'Your loyalty to your brother does you credit, az¯z. He is truly fortunate to have you as a sister. I am sure that he will miss you, but he can visit frequently.'

Gus was so happy she couldn't resist teasing him. 'And if I want a divorce?'

'You don't.'

She gave a gasp of amused outrage at his arrogance. 'How do you know? We haven't even discussed my feelingsù'

'We have no need to. Your feelings are displayed all over your very beautiful face for the whole world to see,' Robin said dryly, his arms tightening around her. 'You are the most straightforward, uncomplicated woman I have ever met. Unfortunately it took me a long time to realize that but now that I do, I know you love me.'

'How?'

'That night in my bed, you were so responsive and I know you wouldn't have been had you not had feelings for me,' he said, his voice smug with masculine satisfaction. 'You love your brother but your dream of a home and a family was too powerful to force you into a marriage that you didn't want. I see that now.'

She smiled, unable to deny what was, after all, the truth. 'Are you always so clever, Your Highness?'

'With you, I have been exceptionally slow,' he groaned, 'but never again. I arrived back at the palace to find Danielle gone and all I could think about was that your brother had repaid the debt and that you no longer had a reason to stay with me.'

'But you said that you knew I loved youù'

'That realization did not come to me until Sharif called to say that you were missing. It was without doubt the worst moment of my life. I flew back here immediately and I vowed that if I found you safe I would never let you go again.'

'So what happens now?'

'I assign you a whole army of my most trusted guards so that I can concentrate on my responsibilities knowing that nothing is going to happen to you again. And you get the prince, the palace and the fairy-tale ending, az¯z.'

And he wrapped his arms around her and kissed her so fiercely that she was left in no doubt as to what the future held.