Laura awoke the next morning to find Zak fully dressed in a dark suit that emphasized his staggering masculinity.

'We need to finish the conversation that we began last night.' His voice was smooth. 'I should have warned you before that Danielle is a master of manipulation. Do not be taken in by her.'

She struggled to sit up, still groggy from the very little sleep he'd allowed her.

'Is she the reason you're so cynical about women?' she ventured. 'Because she played games?'

'Not just Danielle.' His mouth tightened. 'All women play games around me. They always want something and it's almost always related to money or the power that I yield in Kazban. None of the females I meet are ever straightforward.'

Digesting that information and realizing that it probably held a considerable amount of truth, Laura's heart sank. How did one penetrate that degree of suspicion and cynicism? 'Where are you going?'

She didn't quite have the courage to suggest that he came back to bed but she looked at him hopefully.
'I have business to take care of,' he informed her huskily, 'and I am well aware that it is the demands of business that has deprived us of a proper honeymoon. When it is concluded we will go back to the oasis and spend some private
time together. And this time we will not be disturbed.'

The mere mention of the oasis made her insides melt and her breath suddenly trapped in her throat.

Reading her mind, Zak flashed her a predatory smile. 'Despite the misunderstanding, that night was very special, habibati,' he said softly, 'and we will return as soon as I can arrange it.'

Suddenly Laura realized just how restricted his life was and how little she really knew about him. 'Zakùabout our marriageù'

His broad shoulders tensed. 'I want no more talk about our marriage,' he said coldly. 'Last night you were upset. We won't mention it again.'

He was talking about her request for a divorce.

She breathed in slowly. 'H-how can this marriage ever work when you don't love me?' she stammered and he frowned sharply.

'A successful marriage is not about love,' he returned immediately. 'That is why they call it a marriage contract.'

A marriage contract? In a few words he'd reduced her girlish fantasies to a piece of legal jargon.

Laura stared at him in helpless frustration.

He just didn't have a clue when it came to love.

But maybe she could teach him, she thought wistfully. Maybe given time she could rub away some of that cynicism.


While they were at the palace, during the day Laura spent most of her time playing with Jamal. The new nanny was a sweet girl but Jamal always sought her out and she was more than happy to play with him. As for Danielle, there had been no sign of her since the night when Zak had almost carried Laura from the dining table.

Zak left his apartment early every morning and didn't return again until late evening, often after she was already asleep. Judging from the grim expression on his face, Laura deduced that there was obviously some crisis brewing, but
whenever she tried to ask if anything was wrong he frowned and changed the subject.

Which was merely a reminder that she wasn't really a part of his life, she mused, clearing up a pile of toys that Jamal had scattered around their apartment. She might love him, but he certainly didn't love her.

Except in bed.

After that first night in his apartment he joined her every night, his lovemaking so passionate and demanding that often she didn't awake until mid-morning. In fact she was constantly amazed by his stamina. He worked punishing hours, was up half the night positively exhausting her and then sprang out of bed with renewed vigour every morning, leaving her in a shattered heap to sleep off the after effects of his staggering virility.

But she was just relieved to have an outlet for her love. She might not be able to tell him how much she loved him, but every night she showed him and their sex life was just amazing.

And their happiness did not go unnoticed.

After one, particularly long evening function when she had been longing to get back to their apartment, a woman came up and kissed her and said something that she didn't understand.

Laura looked at Zak for a translation.

'She is predicting that you will have many healthy babies,' Zak drawled, his eyes hooded as he looked down at her. 'Once again you have gone a very interesting shade of pink.'

Laura wondered whether she ought to point out that it wasn't the thought of having the children that made her blush, but the thought of making the child. With Zak. 'I love children.'

'That is excellent news,' he returned dryly, 'because as my wife you are naturally expected to produce a healthy number of heirs.'

Laura swallowed. 'We didn't discuss children.'

'As they are generally considered a natural by-product of marriage, I didn't see the need,' he observed, tightening his long fingers round her wrist and urging her away from the table.

Laura gaped at him, totally staggered by his words. A byproduct of marriage? She'd never heard children described in such unemotional terms before.

Zak lifted an eyebrow. 'Is something wrong?'

'Yes,' she muttered, smiling sweetly at one of his relatives who was beaming at her from the far corner of the room. 'I can't believe you have such a jaded view of marriage and children.'

'Not jaded. Just practical. And you should be glad about that or we wouldn't be here now.' He looked amused. 'For all your talk of fairy stories, do I need to remind you that you have in fact sold yourself in marriage for the princely sum of eight million pounds? Not very romantic, az¯z.'

Eniily swallowed, wondering what he'd say if he knew how she really felt about him.

'Relax.' He bent his dark head closer to hers, his warm breath brushing her cheek. 'You did, after all, land the prince.'

Along with a bucket-load of cynicism.

With his comments about marriage contracts and children being a by-product of marriage, she was fast coming to realize that Zak didn't have a romantic bone in his body.

'You are drifting back into fantasy land, and yet the reality is what matters,' he said firmly. 'Our marriage will work, az¯z, because it is not clouded by emotion. You claim to like children, which is essential in the woman I marry, and I love the fact that I am the only man you've ever slept with.'

So it was all about ego.

Laura stared at him in helpless frustration, realizing that he truly believed those things to be reasons to marry.

His smile shimmered with sexual promise. 'You will now smile and bid them goodnight. I wish to take my wife to bed and for that I do not require the assistance or felicitations of my relatives.'


A few weeks after they'd returned to the palace, she was curled up in their apartment, reading a book, when Zak came striding in and flourished a tiny box in her direction.

She looked at it warily. 'What's that?'

'Proof that I can be romantic?' His voice was a low, teasing drawl and he leaned forward and dropped a sexy, suggestive kiss on her parted lips. 'Last night was totally amazing, az¯z. And proof that a marriage that is a business arrangement can work extremely well.'

She swallowed, wondering just what he'd say if she confessed just how much she loved him.

He'd bolt into the desert, she thought dryly, reaching out to take the elaborately wrapped box. Or, knowing Zak, he wouldn't believe her. Because he never seemed to believe anything that a woman said to him.

She slipped her finger under the wrapping and revealed a small velvet box.

'Open it,' Zak urged, his eyes blazing with self-satisfaction. 'I chose it myself from our family heirlooms.'

Laura was about to ask what was special about that and then she realized that the Crown Prince probably had an army of staff paid to choose the gifts he presented to women.

Trying not to think about the differences in their lifestyles, she flicked open the box and gave a gasp of pleasure. A heart-shaped pendant nestled in the box, a single diamond so beautiful that it almost dazzled her as it caught the light.

'Oh!'

He lifted it from its box and fastened it around her throat, an extremely smug smile touching his sexy mouth. 'This is a very rare diamond, az¯z,' he assured her. 'Given by my great-grandfather to his wife on the day of their marriage. He loved her very much.'

So why was Zak giving it to her? she wondered breathlessly. Not love, but still...

'It's beautiful,' she breathed, fingering the stone and gazing at her reflection in the mirror. 'Thank you.'

He lifted her hair to one side and placed a hot, sexy kiss on the back of her neck. 'You are very distracting,' he said huskily. 'I am finding it harder and harder to work knowing that you are waiting here for me.'

It was just sex, she reminded herself firmly, her eyes drifting shut as she felt his arms close around her and she felt the hardness of his body against hers.

She wasn't going to read more into itù

Zak gave a groan and turned her round, stroking her hair away from her flushed cheeks with a gentle hand. 'I want you all to myself,' he murmured, his mouth finding hers in a kiss so full of sensual promise that her. knees gave way.
'This afternoon I will take you back to the oasis. I have delayed long enough.'

Laura stared at him. 'The oasis? But your workù'

'Can wait.' He dealt her a sizzling smile. 'I have been parted from my wife for long enough. We leave as soon as possible.'

'But I haven't packedù'

He frowned dismissively. 'That will be taken care of. You just need to bring yourself.'

'But Jamalù' She bit her lip and looked at him pleadingly. 'I wouldn't want to leave him here. Danielle doesn't seem to spend any time with him at all.'

By contrast, Laura had been spending every day with the child and she knew that he needed her.

Zak stared down at her, amusement in his glittering dark gaze. 'I tell you that I wish to be alone with you, and you wish to take the child?'

She coloured deeply. 'Just for the days,' she said hastily and a wry smile touched his firm mouth.

'I had plans for the days, too,' he informed her in a dry tone, 'but if you wish to take my little nephew, then so be it. He will accompany us. Along with his nanny, who can keep him occupied.' He stroked her face with a gentle finger. 'I intend to keep you very busy, az¯z.'


They arrived at the oasis by late afternoon and an army of servants had prepared everything for their stay.

A meal awaited them and Laura fed Jamal, bathed him and read him a story and eventually made her way back to the tent that was their bedroom.

Just being back in that room made her cheeks warm. The memory of what had happened in that exact room was so vivid that her whole body heated just from looking at the bed.

Zak was sitting at the table, flicking through some papers, a frown on his handsome face as he concentrated.

Even knowing that he didn't love her, she felt amazingly contented.

'How long are we staying?' Laura asked and Zak looked up, his eyes narrowed.

'You don't like the desert?'

'Actually I love it,' she confessed and he sat back, a curious expression in his eyes.

'It pleases me to hear that,' he said quietly, brushing her cheek with the back of his hand. 'This place is special to me also because it is the home of my ancestors and the home of my heart. It is also the place where you first gave yourself to me, az¯z. And the memory of that stays with me.'

The memory stayed with her too.

She smiled shyly. 'So how long can we stay?'

'Until business dictates that we return,' he said calmly, snapping his fingers at one of the servants, who immediately left the tent and returned carrying plates of food and jugs of wine. 'Come. Let's relax and eat.'

Laura settled herself down on the cushions and glanced at Zak, wondering if she'd ever be able to look at him without getting butterflies in her stomach. He was impossibly good-looking and almost unbearably sexy and just knowing what he could do to her in bed made her feel weak with longing.

She dragged her eyes away from him and tried to concentrate on the food.

'If it is any consolation, you have a similar effect on me, az¯z,' he drawled lightly, dismissing the servants with a jerk of his head and reaching for the jug of wine. 'I, too, spend my days dreaming about our nights.'

'Ohù' Mortified that he'd read her thoughts so easily, Laura took a large sip of wine and felt the warmth flow through her veins. 'Tomorrow Jamal wants to go riding. Will you come?'

He gave a lazy smile. 'You are a coward, Laura. Every night in my bed you are a wanton, begging for my touch, but in the light of day you blush and look at the floor, at the ceilingùanywhere except at me.'

Because she was so afraid of giving herself away. In the darkness she often mouthed those secret words that she was afraid to voice in daylight.

'I haven't really seen you during the day,' she pointed out, trying to keep her tone light. 'You've been working.'

'But now I am not working,' he assured her smoothly, 'and I wish to get to know my wife.'

'Most people get to know each other before they get married.'

He gave a cynical smile. 'Actually I disagree. I think many people think that they know each other before they get married, but then in time each discovers many things about the other and becomes disillusioned. Before a marriage takes place people can pretend to be many things but the act usually drops at some point. We knew the truth about each other before we married.'

She swallowed and put her wine down on the table. 'You still believe that I knew about Leboùthat I lied to you when I said that I truly didn't know.'

'It doesn't matter.' He shrugged dismissively, a frown touching his forehead. 'We each had a reason for marrying, Laura. I am satisfied. You are satisfied. We will speak of it no more.'

But she wanted to speak of it. She wanted him to believe her. But his view of the world was just too cynical. She looked at him helplessly, wanting to defend herself but knowing that his suspicion of her sex was too deep-rooted to be easily shifted. 'Was it just Danielle?'

He frowned. 'Was what just Danielle?'

'Who made you believe that women play games and manipulate? Was it just her that made you so cynical?'

He gave a short laugh. 'Laura, women have played games with me since I was old enough to walk. I have wealth and influence and there is always someone who wants a piece of that.'

She toyed with the food on her plate. 'You really think it's impossible that someone would love you for yourself?'

He shrugged. 'In my position I never anticipated marrying for love. I'm not even sure that love exists.'

Laura swallowed back her disappointment. 'Y-you've never loved anyone?'

He shook his head. 'And evidently you haven't either,' he drawled softly, 'or you would not have been a virgin when I took you to my bed.'

'I was waiting for the right man,' she confessed and his eyes narrowed.

'And then you met meù'

And he was the right man, but obviously there was no way she could ever tell him that.

Laura lowered her eyes, afraid that he might read the truth.

After that first day all the other days followed a similar pattern. They rose late, rode or drove into the desert, played with Jamal and then dined and talked late into the night.

And then they retired to bed.

For Laura it was a blissful existence. So what if he didn't love her? Zak was proving himself to be amazingly attentive and thoughtful.

Each day he brought her little gifts to amuse her and he was extremely good company. Incredibly clever but also amusing and charming and she just loved being with him.

And as they spent time together he opened up more and more and she started to understand the almost intolerable pressure that had been placed on him since childhood.

If his attentions were required elsewhere then she rode with Jamal.

'Uncle Zak says I can ride into the desert as long as we don't go far. He's going to join us when his business is finished,' Jamal told her one day as they set off, digging his heels into his pony and encouraging it to canter.

Laura urged her horse forward and caught up with the little boy. 'You're an amazing rider.'

'Uncle Zak taught me,' Jamal told her proudly. 'My mother didn't want me to ride, she says it's dangerous, but Uncle Zak said that I must learn.'

'Well, you certainly paid attention,' Laura said, watching as the child sat effortlessly on his pony, totally relaxed.

'You see over there?' He gestured far into the distance. 'There are caves. There are stories about them. Some people say that they're so deep that no one has ever found the end of them.'

Laura gave a shudder. 'I thought you hated the dark?'

'Only in the palace,' he told her. 'In the desert it's different and I'd love to go to the caves. One day I'm going to ride all the way there by myself.'

'Well, not when I'm in charge of you, you're not,' Laura said quickly, shooting a reproving look in his direction. Exploring a dark cave with no end wasn't her idea of fun.

'It isn't that far,' Jamal said, his eyes still fixed longingly on the horizon. 'And I'm older now. I could look after you.'

'No, thanks.' Laura kicked her horse into a canter. 'You can do that trip with Zak.'

And right on cue she heard the thunder of hooves and Zak galloped towards them on a very over-excited Sahara.

Jamal's face lit up. 'Can I ride him, Uncle Zak. Please?'

'No one has ever ridden Sahara but me,' Zak said gently, 'but perhaps when you are older.'

Jamal's face fell and then lit up again. 'Can we go to the caves?'

'Not today.' Zak shook his head and glanced at the darkening sky with a frown. 'It is already growing late and the distance is too far. That trip must wait for another time.'

'But I want to go to the caves.'

'And so you will,' Zak promised. 'Another time.'

Jamal's face crumpled and he kicked his pony into a canter and rode off in the opposite direction while Zak gave a sigh of exasperation.

'It seems that I am destined to say "no" to his every request,' he commented and Laura smiled.

'He's a typical five year old. Trying it on.'

Zak looked at her, totally relaxed as the powerful horse pranced under him. 'You are extremely good with the child.'

'I love him,' Laura said simply, her eyes following the little boy, checking that he was all right. 'He's great. Warm, friendly and full of energy and enthusiasm. And I love it here.' Her eyes tracked the horizon, taking in the play
of light on the sand dunes, and she smiled. 'I always loved the beach as a child. This is like a giant beach with no sea.'

Zak didn't smile. Instead he watched her, a thoughtful frown touching his face, and then he spun Sahara around and cantered steadily after the child.

Laura followed at a slower pace, wondering what she'd said to bring that frown to his face.

But she had no chance to question him because they caught up with Jamal and rode together, the earlier tension forgotten in the thrill of a fast gallop.

That night at dinner she found herself telling Zak things that she'd never told another human being. About how alone she'd felt growing up without her parents. About moving out so that she could give Lebo and Paloma some space.

He listened intently, his brilliant dark eyes fastened on hers as she hesitantly revealed parts of herself that she'd never revealed before.

Eventually he took her to bed, but his lovemaking seemed more gentle, less frantic than usual, and Laura felt something different in his skilled touch.

When he curved her against him, she could feel his heart pounding under her hand.

'You will never feel alone again, habibati.'

He delivered that statement like a command and Laura tilted her head so that she could look at him, touched that he acknowledged her feelings and amused that he made it sound like an order.

'I don't feel lonely,' she said softly, aware of every inch of him pressed against her.

Whether she liked it or not, he was part of her. And she closed her eyes, trying to prepare herself mentally for pain. Because pain was inevitable. What other outcome could there be when he so clearly didn't love her?


Zak stared down at her sleeping form and felt his insides tighten.

Never had he been so affected by a woman as he was by Laura.

It was just sex, he told himself, reaching for a pair of trousers and pulling them on. Incredibly good sex, but sex after all.

He moved towards the entrance of the tent intending to get some fresh air, but something made him look back and his gaze was once again held by her sleeping figure.

As usual her unruly blonde hair was trespassing across both pillows and her smooth cheeks were pink from the sun.

He frowned at that, making a mental note to order her to wear a hat more often. He knew only too well just what an extreme effect that desert heat could have on the unwary.

She looked like a sleeping princess and his jaw tightened as he considered all that he'd learned about her in the past few weeks.

She had evidently had an extremely lonely childhood and the knowledge made his insides twist. Given that she had known very little affection in her life, it was hardly surprising that she dreamed of princes and palaces.

And what a disappointment he must be to her, he reflected wryly.

She'd wanted romance and been presented with a business proposition.

Businessù

Zak stilled, his eyes sliding down the curve of her hip.

Not businessù

With a sharp intake of breath, he was forced to acknowledge the truth. That no matter what Laura had done, he was in love with her.

Which presented him with something of a problem, because she was most definitely not in love with him. She'd married him to clear her brother's debts. And the fact that she adored sex with him didn't change the fact that she'd married him under pressure.

Zak swallowed a groan of frustration.

For the first time in his life he found himself in love and the woman in question had wanted nothing more than to escape from him. The irony of the situation was not lost on him.

On the other hand she was married to him, he reminded himself, which meant that he had every day and every night to persuade her to love him as he loved her.

And starting tomorrow that was exactly what he was going to do.


They were eating breakfast the following morning when there was a commotion outside the tent.

Zak looked up with a frown and Laura felt her heart sink.

Surely it wasn't Danielle. She'd been anticipating trouble from the woman since the day they'd arrived back at the palace, but as time had passed she'd started to relax.

So she was astonished when the flap of the tent was pulled aside and her brother entered.

'Lebo?' Taken by surprise, Laura just stared and stared and then she gave a cry of delight, scrambled to her feet and ran towards her brother, arms outstretched. 'Oh, Lebo, Lebo. I've been so worried about you.'

'Emù' His voice cracked slightly and she burst into tears and clutched him tightly and then withdrew, her expression concerned as she studied him closely.

'You've lost weight,' she said, her breathing jerky as she struggled to contain her tears. 'Where have you been?'

'Emù' Lebo looked down at her with a shake of his head. 'I can't believe you've been here all this time.'

'I rang you and rang youù'

He gave a groan and closed his eyes briefly. 'And I wasn't thereùI'm sorry.'

'Where were youùand why didn't you tell me you were going away? Have you been ill?'

He hesitated and pulled away from her, his features tense. 'Not exactly.' Lebo kept his arm round her and shifted his gaze to Zak, his expression suddenly fierce. 'You kept her here.'

Zak stood still, muscular legs set apart in his usual aggressive stance, surveying the proceedings with unshakeable cool.

'Naturally.'

Lebo's arm dropped from her shoulders and he took a step forward, his fists raised, and suddenly the tent was full of armed guards who seized Lebo and held him captive.

'No!' Laura looked at them in horror. 'Let him go! Zak?'

She appealed to her husband, hands outstretched, and he lifted a hand and dismissed the guards in one brief gesture.

'Zak?' Lebo looked at her in disbelief and then looked at the prince and gave a contemptuous laugh. 'So it's true, then. When I arrived in Kazban they told me that you'dùthat you were married.'

Zak's handsome face was expressionless. 'Laura is my wife, that's true.'

Lebo gave an agonized groan and covered his face with his hands. 'I can't believe itùI can't believe you did thatù' His hands slid from his face and he shook his head, his face a mixture of remorse and condemnation. 'I was the one you wanted. I was the one who owed you money. She isn't your type of woman, couldn't you see that?' Lebo ran a hand over his face and let out a long breath. 'Couldn't you see that she was innocent? It was me you wanted,' he grated roughly, 'but you took her instead, didn't you? You punished her for my wrongs.'

Laura caught hold of his arm. 'Lebo, listenù'

'And you were the one who sent your sister in your place,' Zak returned, his tone cold and hard as he fixed glittering black eyes on her brother. 'You gave her to me.'

'I sent her to deliver a message!' Lebo was breathing rapidly now and Laura looked at him in concern.

'Lebo, it really doesn'tù'

'She delivered your message,' Zak said calmly, his gaze not shifting from Lebo's tortured face.

'And then you wouldn't let her leave.'

'She was my collateral.'

'Collateral.' Lebo gave another groan. 'Laura is a totally innocent young girlù'

'Not so innocent,' Zak drawled harshly. 'You'll no doubt be pleased to hear that she defended you all the way. She'd showed as little conscience about the debt as you did.'

'She defended me because I'm the only family she has in the world and because that's the sort of person she is,' Lebo hissed through gritted teeth, 'not because she approved of the debt. Laura didn't even know about the debt. She thought I'd made some bad investments and the return was poor. She didn't know I'd lost the money. It wasn't exactly something I was proud of and I wasn't about to admit it to my little sister.'

There was an achingly long silence and Zak was unusually still, not a muscle moving in his powerful physique as he digested that information.

'Then what induced you to send her in your place?' he asked harshly, his broad shoulders suddenly rigid with tension. 'You knew I would never let her go.'

Lebo let out a jerky breath. 'I assumed that you'd see how innocent she was. No one who knows Laura could ever think she was guilty of anything dishonest. She dreams of fairy tales and happy endings. She teaches little children and she can't wait to have about ten of her own. She's never done anything corrupt in her life. I assumed you'd be able to see that.'

Zak's gaze swivelled to Laura and a strange expression flickered across his handsome face. 'Unfortunately for you I have so rarely encountered innocence in my life,' he said softly, 'that when I finally did, I failed to spot it. Until it was too late.'

His eyes were fixed on Laura and she felt her heart thud uncomfortably.

Lebo gave a groan. 'The debt was mine.'

Worried to death about the anxiety in his face, Laura hurried forward and took his hands, eager to reassure him on that score. 'Zak has cancelled the debt, Lebo,' she said quietly, noting with alarm how cold his hands were. 'You no longer owe him the money.'

Lebo looked at her in blank incomprehension and then he shook his head. 'No!' He transferred his gaze to Zak and then back to his sister. 'That's why you did it, isn't it? You married him so that he'd cancel the debtù'

'Leboù'

'And there's no need to ask what was in it for you.' Lebo held Laura's hands tightly and gave a contemptuous laugh as he looked at the prince. 'Let me tell you something about my sister. I'm all the family she has and I have to confess that it isn't much. She's spent her whole life dreaming about love and babies and happy familiesù'

'Lebo, pleaseù' Laura attempted to stop him but Lebo wasn't looking at her. He was looking at Zak.

'I'm her brother and we don't exactly talk about things like that, but even I know that she's never been to bed with anyone because she was waiting for the right man. She was dreaming of love, Your Highness. And what did you give her?'

'Lebo, that's enough.' Laura jerked his arm and forced him to look at her. 'It was my choice to marry the prince. Mine. Nobody made me.'

Lebo shook his head. 'I know everything that happened, Em,' he groaned, guilt written clearly over his face. 'I was in Kazban long enough to hear about your attempts to escape. I know about the number of times you called and called,
desperate to speak to me, and I'm sorry I wasn't there for you. But I'm here nowù' he glared at the prince 'ùand I'm taking you home with me. Away from this sham of a marriage.'

Laura swallowed hard. 'Leboù' She said his name tentatively. 'Lebo, this is my home now.'

Lebo shook his head. 'You're just saying that because of the money, but there's no need to worry. I've made some mistakes but I haven't totally lost my touch,' he said bitterly. 'I have his money in full, plus interest payments, so now he can release you.'

Laura frowned. 'You have the money?'

Lebo gave a funny little smile. 'Aren't you even going to ask me why I took eight million pounds?' He looked at Zak, his gaze challenging. 'You see? Her love for me is so unquestioning she doesn't even bother asking why I did it.'

'I am convinced of your sister's unimpeachable character,' Zak said flatly. 'There is no longer any need for you to prove it to me.'

Lebo's chin lifted. 'So you'll grant her a divorce, then.'

Zak looked at Laura, a muscle flickering in his lean cheek. 'If that is what she desires.'

Laura felt her stomach lurch. She didn't want a divorce. But how could she tell Lebo of that without revealing the extent of her feelings to Zak? And she just knew that he wouldn't want to know that she loved him. Zak thought that they had a business arrangement and if that was what it took to stay married to him then she was more than happy to go along with that.

She consoled herself with the fact that Zak couldn't divorce her. He needed her to keep Danielle at bay. He needed a wife.

Resolving to confess all to Lebo as soon as they were alone, she changed the subject away from divorce. 'So why did you need the money, Lebo? And where's Paloma?'

Lebo tensed. 'Paloma is in hospital,' he said finally, a weary expression crossing his face as he glanced at her. 'She's been there since the day after you flew to Kazban.'

'In hospital?' Laura looked at him with shock and concern. 'But what's the matter with her?'

Lebo hesitated. 'She has a type of depression,' he muttered. 'And because of it, she's been spending money. Lots of it. And shoplifting.'

Laura gaped at him. Paloma had spent the money?

'She ran up huge debts without me knowing,' Lebo said quietly. 'Huge sums of money. That day I took you to the airport, she'd been arrested for shoplifting. I had to go to the police station and bail her out. There was no way I could have gone to Kazban. I had to be there for Paloma.'

'Well, of course you did,' Laura said immediately, her face creased with worry. 'What happened?'

Lebo sighed. 'Being arrested just finished her off. She had some sort of mental breakdown and they admitted her to hospital. She's been there ever since, and I've been with her. Day and night. And when she slept I played the money markets.' He turned and looked at Zak. 'Very successfully. The money is back in your account. I apologize for using it in that way but I was desperate.'

Laura was still looking at him. 'And Paloma? Is she better?'

Lebo shrugged. 'They think so, but it's going to be a long haul. I need to get back to her.' His eyes were still on Zak. 'And I intend to take my sister home with meù'

'Lebo, waitù' But before Laura could say anything more the tent flap was pulled aside and a group of men entered, each bowing low before the prince.

Laura didn't understand anything they said but she could tell it was serious from the amount of hand waving and the grim expression on Zak's face.

Finally he spoke, his voice calm in comparison to the panic going on around him.

'It seems that this is a day for family problems.' His gaze flickered to Laura. 'Danielle has left the palace and returned to France with a man she met there.'

Laura gasped. 'But Jamalù?'

Zak's mouth tightened. 'She has chosen a new life over her child. And I must of course return home. There is yet more scandal brewing and I want to minimize the stress on my father.'

Danielle had left?

But that meant thatù

Laura felt panic churn inside her. He'd married her to keep Danielle from causing trouble. If the woman was gone from his life, then his reason for marrying her was gone.

'Zakù' She reached out a hand, desperate to speak to him on his own, but he had already turned away and was striding towards the door.

'I will arrange for transport to return you to Kazban and then England,' he delivered over his shoulder, and then he disappeared through the flap and was gone.

Gone.

Laura stared after him in dismay and then turned to follow him. 'Zak!'

'Laura, wait!' Lebo grabbed her arm, his face covered in relief. 'The guy has just told you that you can go back to England.'

'But I don't want to go back to England,' she mumbled, shaking him off, feeling the misery well up inside her. 'I love Zak. And I want to stay married to him.'

'You love him?' Lebo was struck dumb. 'But the guy forced you to marry himù'

'I married him because I loved him,' Laura said simply. 'And I know he doesn't love me but I didn't care. And I still don't care.'

Lebo stared at her. 'I don't know what to say.'

Laura gave a wan smile. 'Nothing to say. He had his own reasons for marrying me and those reasons have gone now, so he is happy to give me a divorce.'

Even saying the words was intolerably painful.

'I'm sorryù'

'It isn't your fault. Whether you'd come here or not, Danielle would still have left and he wouldn't have needed me any more.'

Their marriage had been a business arrangement.

Lebo shook his head. 'I don't understand any of this. Does this mean that you're coming home with me, or not?'

'Eventually.' Laura tried to pull herself together. 'I can't leave with you now because Jamal will need me if Zak's goneù' She swallowed. 'You go home, Lebo. I'll come home when I've sorted things out here.'