Superb actress, Prajay thought to himself, watching as Emily's cheeks paled and her deep blue eyes flew wide.

Suddenly she looked lost, scared and very, very young and had he not learned long ago to his cost just how convincingly women could act when they wanted something, he would have found himself taking her in his arms and reassuring her.

He gave a wry smile and reminded himself that she had travelled to Kazban in the place of her brother with the express intent of evading punishment for a serious crime. She was the sister of a criminal and he had no doubt that Emily
Kingston wouldn't know innocent if she fell over it.

Doubtless her mode of dress and innocent approach were all part of her plan to persuade him to release her but he had no intention of doing anything of the sort. He would keep her here as a bargaining tool and Miss Kingston could use the time to dwell on the consequences of greed and avarice.

Did she not care that thousands of innocent citizens of Kazban had lost their entire savings?

She pleaded for two more months and yet she must have been fully aware that even two more years would not have been enough to see the debt repaid. How could it, when his investigations had shown clearly that her brother was on the verge of bankruptcy and involved in some extremely shady dealings?

And how could one so beautiful be so greedy and morally corrupt?

He stared at her face in fascination, captivated by her wide eyes and lush mouth and by the gentle flush that touched her cheeks. He felt muscles tighten throughout his body, felt the powerful flame of arousal kindle and burn, and gritted his teeth in irritation, forced to concede that the mixture of sexy and innocent was having a shockingly powerful effect on his libido. Even knowing what she was, it seemed he was unable to control his body's primitive response to her exceptional beauty and suddenly he found himself fighting a powerful impulse to strip her naked and spread her over his desk to await his pleasure.

For a brief moment black eyes clashed with blue and then he muttered something in Arabic and exercised the willpower for which he was renowned, stepping away from her and pacing once more towards the window. But that brief glance into her eyes had told him what he wanted to know.

That she was as aware of him as he was of her. The heavy throb of sexual awareness had hung in the air from the moment she'd stepped into the room and he recognized the same white-hot sexual excitement in her that he was experiencing himself.

But it made not an iota of difference to his plans.

Once before.

Once before he'd allowed his desire for a woman to overrule his common sense and he'd learned a painful lesson. He did not need to be taught that lesson twice.

Despite her pretence at innocence, he had no intention of releasing Emily Kingston until her brother arrived in person, no matter how much her lower lip trembled or how powerful his own arousal.

'You can't just keep me here against my will.' Her voice was strangled. 'What do you intend to do? Lock me in your tower?'

Despite the defiant lift of her chin her voice shook and Prajay gave an amused smile. 'You have been reading too many fairy stories, Miss Kingston. This particular prince has a much more contemporary approach to incarceration.' His eyes swept her face. 'You'll find my bed much more hospitable than any tower and I promise that any form of bondage will only be with mutual consent.'

She gave a soft gasp of shock and Prajay watched with interest as her breathing quickened and bright spots of colour appeared on her cheeks. She was obviously determined to keep up the innocent act to the last. He wondered idly whether she'd still be protesting innocence when she was stretched naked beneath him and decided to play her game for a little bit longer.

'Y-you can't be serious.' She stammered the words out, the confusion on her pretty face interesting to watch. 'Iùyou can't possibly want me toùI meanù'

'I can do anything I wish, Miss Kingston. You are in my country,' he pointed out calmly, 'and will remain so until your brother chooses to repay the debt.'

She shook her head and strands of that delicious blonde hair wafted around her heart-shaped face.

'This is ridiculous. You have to let me goù' There was a catch in her voice and Prajay surveyed her with a mixture of admiration and amusement. He'd had endless experience of the application of feminine tears, but, even so, she was impressive. Her display was all the more effective for the fact that she didn't actually let the tears fall, he reflected. Instead she lifted her chin and struggled for control so that she managed to make herself look brave.

'Doubtless you were banking on that when you foolishly agreed to take your brother's place. When he arrives, you are free to leave,' he said shortly, turning away from her and striding over to the window, inexplicably irritated by the definite sparkle of tears in her eyes.

Women, he thought to himself, sucking in a breath as he fought to control the powerful and thoroughly unexpected reaction of his body to her award-winning performance.

'But all he asks is for two months more to sort things out,' she persisted. 'Is it really too much to ask? Does the money really matter that much?'

He whirled round, deeply offended by her implication that he was the one at fault and by her repeated dismissal of the debt. His temper rising steadily, he paced around her like a caged tiger, searching for some evidence of remorse on her part.

She was so close that he could count every one of those thick lashes that fringed her eyes, see the tiny pulse beating in her creamy throat, and he gave an exclamation of distaste as lust, basic and powerful, gnawed greedily at his body once more.

Beautiful on the outside maybe, but not on the inside.

'Your brother has committed a crime which is punishable by imprisonment here in Kazban.' His tone was harsh and he stopped pacing and took a step towards her. 'If he truly believed that by sending you in his place he could evade our
justice system, then he made a serious error of judgment. I shall keep you here until he comes in person to face the charges against him.'

'C-crime?' Slim fingers pushed her blonde hair out of her startled eyes. 'The value of investments has fallen for everyone. That's just a risk you take, surely. It certainly isn't a crime.'

Prajay watched her in incredulous disbelief, appalled by the fact that she was still pretending to know nothing about the fact that her brother had embezzled the money. How long could she keep that up? he wondered cynically. Peter Kingston had lost every last penny. He'd mortgaged the family home and was virtually bankrupt. How long could his sister continue to pursue the defence that the loss was attributable to the vagaries of the markets?

'My brother will pay you what he owes you,' she said firmly, her chin lifting as she looked at him. 'You can't keep me here.'

Her chest rose and fell as she breathed and a man less experienced with women than Prajay might have missed the sudden parting of her soft lips or the press of her hardened nipples against the thin fabric of her dress as she stared at him in terrified fascination.

But with the razor-sharp intuition that had guaranteed him staggering success in both the boardroom and the bedroom, Prajay didn't miss a single signal and he gave a grim smile of masculine satisfaction.

Having failed to secure her release, she was already thinking about being in his bedù

His eyes dropped to her mouth and sexual awareness throbbed between them. She might be corrupt but she was astonishingly beautiful. Prajay gritted his teeth, battling against the powerful reaction of his body. Suddenly the bed option held considerable appeal.

'I will keep you as long as you are of use to me,' he returned smoothly, watching as her lovely face drained of colour.

'No! That wasn't what Peter intended.' Her tone was frantic. 'He'll be expecting me homeù'

'And when you don't arrive, then presumably he'll follow you here.' Prajay surveyed her through lowered lids, finding her passionate defence of her brother entirely distasteful. Clearly she supported her brother's dishonest dealings
and was determined to pretend that nothing was wrong. 'Unless he is too much of a coward to face me in person.'

'My brother is not a coward.' Her blue eyes sparked with anger and spots of colour appeared on her pale cheeks.

Prajay watched with interest, intrigued by the change in her and wrestling with a basic desire to increase the colour in her cheeks still further with physical activity. 'Tell me, Miss Kingston...' he kept his tone conversational '... why did you agree to come here?'

'Because Peter was too busy to come himself,' she said immediately and then blushed slightly. 'And because I thought it might be an adventure. But it didn't occur to either of us that you'd make me stay instead,' she said stiffly. 'After all, I'm no use to you whatsoever.'

Her pretence at indifference was laughable.

Prajay gritted his teeth, irritated that he could still want her even knowing what she was. 'Prepare yourself for adventure, Miss Kingston,' he advised softly. 'Your brother has committed a crime and unless he arrives in person to stand trial, then you will face that trial in his place.'

'Trial?' Her face blanched. 'But I haven't done anything.'

'You have come as your brother's representative,' Prajay pointed out smoothly, 'which makes you liable for his crimes. That is justice.'

'Justice?' She shook her head and then brushed aside the blonde hair that wafted over her face. 'It doesn't sound like justice to me! You keep calling it a crime but none of this is his fault. And you can't make me face trial. Youù'

'I can do anything I please,' Prajay interrupted her, suddenly fighting an impulse to power her back against his desk and seek immediate payment in kind. Irritated by the extraordinarily powerful attraction that he suddenly felt, he
hardened his tone. 'This is Kazban, not England, and our laws are somewhat stricter than yours when it comes to theft.'

She lifted a hand to her throat as if she was suddenly finding it hard to breathe. 'I don't know what you're talking about. My brother hasn't stolen anything. Investments are always a risk. They can go down as well as up.'

Prajay blinked, unaccustomed to being lectured by anyone on the subject of finance. He had a degree in economics and an MBA from a top American university, and since he'd been forced to take over responsibility for running the country as a result of his father's ill health the economy of Kazban had gone from strength to strength. There was very little anyone could teach him about investments. And very little anyone could teach him about risk.

He thrived on risk.

Did the Kingstons really expect him to believe that the loss was a result of changes in the stock market when he knew full well that the money had never been invested?

Deciding to play her game for a little longer, he kept his features impassive. 'Then you'd better pray they go up, Miss Kingston.' He surveyed her thoughtfully, wondering for how long she could maintain this pretence. 'And you'd better pray that your brother arrives here soon. Otherwise I advise you to prepare yourself for an extended stay.'

'Butù'

'This audience is now at an end,' he said coldly. 'There are others waiting to see me. You will stay at the palace until your brother arrives. That is my decision.'


She had to get away.

She'd come here to help Peter, but her presence had made things worse.

The prince obviously intended to use her as leverage against her brother.

'You'll find my bed much more hospitable than any towerù'

Suddenly finding it hard to breathe, Emily grabbed her few possessions and stuffed them frantically into the one, small overnight bag that she'd brought with her. It was perfectly obvious that Crown Prince Prajay al-Farisi wasn't going to listen to reason and release her, which meant that she needed to take matters into her own hands.

The man might look gorgeous, but he was ruthless and cold and not at all a nice person.

Why was he pressing her brother for the money when he was obviously rolling in it?

Just how much money did one man need?

Never having been in the slightest bit interested in material possessions, Emily struggled to understand why someone would strive for unlimited wealth.

Having lost both her parents when she was twelve, her own idea of riches was to have her own family. A man who loved her. Children.

She swallowed hard as she stuffed the rest of her clothes into the bag.

One day she would have that, she told herself firmly.

And it would be with a man who was kind and loving andùand safe.

Not a man like Prajayour al-Farisi who was hard and unforgiving and obviously only thought about money.

Her hands stilled and suddenly her breathing quickened as she remembered the betraying throb of her body and the heat that she'd felt when he'd stood close to her. No one had ever made her feel like that before. In fact before today
she hadn't known that such powerful emotions existed except in books.

The blatantly sexual intent in his cold, hard gaze had made her shivery and dizzy andùandùshocked.

No man had ever looked at her the way he did.

No man had ever made her feel soùso... She closed her eyes and slid a hand slowly up her body. No man had ever made her feel so much like a woman.

She lifted a hand and touched her face, remembering the cool brush of his fingers against her cheek and then her hair. Remembering the race of her pulse and the melting of her limbs.

He'd barely touched her and yet the burning heat in his dark eyes had been enough to have her swaying towards him in an instinctive feminine response to his powerful masculinity. But then Prajay al-Farisi was a man so skilled in the
seduction of women that someone as inexperienced as her would be child's play to him.

Emily gripped the bag tightly with slender fingers and tried to pull herself together.

That she could respond that way to someone that she didn't even like filled her with dismay and confusion.

She'd always thought that for her sex was something that would happen within the confines of a loving relationship. Unlike some of her peers, she'd never seen the attraction of casual sexual encounters. Until now.

You want him, she mocked herself gently. Go on, admit it. Prajay al-Farisi might not be a nice person but you want him. And the thought of being taken to his bedù

She closed her eyes and gave a moan of self-loathing.

No!

She had no intention of being anyone's virgin sacrifice!

That wasn't the sort of relationship she wanted. That was just sex, and she wasn't interested in anything so fragile, however exciting it might seem. She'd long ago decided that when she finally fell for a man their relationship would be based on mutual respect and friendship.

So why did her dream for the future suddenly seem so solid and boring?

She gave a little shiver. Prajay al-Farisi might be astonishingly good-looking but his charms definitely ended there. He was totally unreasonable, accusing Peter of some sort of crime when she knew that her brother would never do anything illegal and the whole situation was just the result of a misunderstanding. It had to be.

And there was no way she was going to allow the prince to keep her here.

She pushed the last of her things into her bag and bit her lip.

No one was going to hold her against her will!

Pushing aside the uncomfortable thought that what she was actually escaping from was a part of herself that she hadn't known existed before today, she gritted her teeth, jerked the zip closed and tossed the bag on the floor.

The airport hadn't been that far away, she reasoned as she slipped her passport into the pocket of her dress. All she had to do was to persuade someone to give her a lift.

And leave the palace without getting caughtù

She walked over to the windows of her room and stared thoughtfully down into the courtyard three floors below. Not far. Her eyes drifted to the elaborate curtains and then to the rope that held them back. Just like the ropes in the gym at school, she mused, fingering the rope thoughtfully.

Strong enough to take a person's weight.

It was fortunate that she was athletic.


'Miss Kingston has left the palace, Your Highness.'

Prajay lifted his head. He was fresh from studying the expenses of his sister-in-law, and his patience was already severely challenged.

'How?'

Darryl cleared his throat. 'Sheùerùabseiled down the side of the building.'

Prajay dropped the pen he was holding, his mind temporarily leaving the ever-absorbing question of how one woman could spend so much on so little. 'She what?'

Darryl licked his lips. 'She abseiled down the side of the palace, Your Highness. One of the guards saw her throw a rope out of the window but she moved so fast that he was unable to apprehend her.'

'A rope?' Prajay thought back to their discussion about princes and being locked in his tower. 'Don't tell me,' he drawled. 'She spun the rope from her hair?'
Not party to the earlier conversation about fairy tales, Darryl looked confused. 'I understand that she used the cords from the curtains, Your Highness.'

'Of course she did.' Prajay digested this information and then sat back in his chair and gave a reluctant laugh, stunned by the realization that he'd underestimated a woman for the first time in years. For sheer nerve and inventiveness you had to admire her, he conceded, rising to his feet and pacing across to the nearest window.

And if he'd needed further proof of her guilt, then he had it now.

Emily Kingston obviously didn't believe that there was any way her brother was going to turn up and rescue her.

But what had she hoped to achieve by escaping from the palace in such a way? Surely she knew that it was impossible for her to leave the country without his permission?

Did she really think that she could just shimmy down the palace wall and jump on a plane?

He gave Darryl a weary look, wondering why women had to be so complicated. 'You are having her followed?'

'Of course, Your Highness.'

'Good.' Prajay gave a grim smile. 'Let her walk where she wishes and see where her escape bid takes her.'

Darryl looked startled. 'But, Your Highness, it isn't safe for her to be wandering the streets of Kazban. Sheù'

'Is in for a shock,' Prajay finished for him, his dark eyes glittering with anticipation. 'I predict that a few hours alone in Kazban should make her desperate for my protection.'

The prospect afforded him a considerable degree of satisfaction.

Darryl looked troubled. 'But, Your Highness, for a woman as beautiful as Miss Kingstonù' He licked his lips and broke off without finishing his sentence, suddenly remembering his place.

'This woman sanctions theft and corruption,' Prajay reminded him curtly, rising to his feet in a lithe movement, his mouth set in a hard line. 'Let her see a little of the rougher side of Kazban.'

Perhaps it would teach her a lesson.

Darryl hesitated. 'But she was walking towards the souk, Your Highness, and the hour grows late. It will be dark shortly. It isn't safe for a western womanù'

'I agree with you entirelyù' Prajay's eyes glittered black 'ùbut Emily Kingston is hardly an innocent virgin. She is obviously a woman well able to take care of herself. Let her see what can happen when she strays from the palace. In future she may not be quite so keen to leave it.'

Still looking troubled, Darryl bowed his head. 'There is one further problem that requires your urgent attention, Your Highness.' His tone was apologetic. 'The nanny is finding it hard to cope with Jamal's tantrums.'

Prajay closed his eyes briefly. 'Remind me.' His tone was weary. 'How long has she lasted, Darryl?'

Darryl cleared his throat. 'Four weeks, Your Highness. Longer than the last four. I'm sorry to burden you with the problem when you have so many other matters to attend to, but while your sister-in-law is still travellingù'

Gallivanting around Europe, leaving her child in the hands of someone who was clearly not up to the job, Prajay reflected grimly. The knowledge that her presence in Kazban created more tension than any reasonable man could be expected to tolerate had made him reluctant to intervene ahd order her return home.

Concerns for his little nephew warred with his natural desire to minimize his own exposure to his sister-in-law's tricks.

Contemplating the facts with his customary cool, Prajay decided that perhaps it really was time that he married. At least he could then put an end to Danielle's scheming in that direction.

'Surely there must be someone who can handle the child.' Prajay sighed and leaned back in his chair. 'All right. I'll speak to Jamal.' He looked at Darryl expectantly and his eyes narrowed. 'There's more, isn't there?'

Darryl looked uncomfortable. 'It is now almost five years since your brother's tragic death, Your Highness. His widow isù' He broke off and licked dry lips. 'There have been picturesùyour father is asking questions. He is afraid that there will be another scandal.' Darryl cleared his throat delicately. 'It is no secret that your father hopes that you will wed your brother's widowù'

Prajay sat totally still, not a muscle flickered in his handsome face.

It was definitely time he married. And it wouldn 't be to his sister-in-law.

Any woman would be preferable to her.

To think that he'd onceù

His jaw tightened as he contemplated the foolishness of youth. Although he was now firmly of the belief that love did not exist, he was convinced that he could do better in his choice of bride than a woman who put her own needs ahead of those of her child.

He would not be marrying Danielle.

Prajay gave a sigh, the prospect of marriage leaving him profoundly depressed. There were many occasions when the duty and responsibility accorded to his role felt like an unyielding block of concrete around his neck.

When he finally had his emotions back under control, he spoke. 'I will deal with my late brother's wife.'
With a wave of his hand he dismissed Darryl and lounged back in his chair, his dark eyes narrowed as he considered his next move.

Suddenly all he could think of was Emily Kingston.

He stared down at the pages of figures on his desk, but his mind was filled with disturbing images of honey-blonde hair and a soft, tempting mouth.

Doubtless she had done nothing to disguise that amazing blonde hair or those lush curves before making her bid for freedom. The knowledge that those charms were now on the streets of Kazban, visible to all, did nothing for his concentration.

With a rough exclamation he rose to his feet and stared at the sky, noting the deepening blue, acknowledging that Darryl was right. It would be dark in an hour. And Emily Kingston was alone.

Making an instant decision, he cursed softly and hit a series of buttons on his phone.

He'd sort out the problem with his nephew and his sister-in-law later. First he had to deal with Emily Kingston.


Unable to believe that she'd managed to leave the palace without being apprehended, Emily sneaked a glance over her shoulder, but there was no sign of anyone following her. Her heart was thudding and her palms were damp and she'd never felt such panic in her life before. She'd barely been able to breathe, choked with anticipation, expecting to feel a hand on her shoulder at any moment.

But there had been no hand. She'd done it.

Now all she had to do was find a car to take her to the airport.

Where on earth did one find a taxi in Kazban?

The initial panic fading, she was suddenly aware of just how hot it was away from the cool interior of the palace. Even though it was early evening, the sun hammered down on the dusty streets and the air was stifling.

Wishing that she had a hat and feeling more than a little vulnerable, she clutched her one small bag and walked as fast as she could in her one pair of ridiculous heels, trying to ignore the fact that she was boiling to death in her
jacket. There was no way she was removing it. She had no wish to draw attention to herself and she knew that, although her dress fell to her ankles, it revealed far too much of her arms and shoulders to be considered decent in a country such as Kazban. So she gritted her teeth and kept the jacket on, promising herself that as soon as she was safely on the airplane she'd take it off and cool herself down.

She walked through the souk, wondering which direction to take, distracted by the colourful stalls and the wonderful smells.

Spices.

Intrigued, Emily paused by a stall heaped high with dune-like mountains of turmeric and many other spices that she didn't recognize. Next to the spice stall someone was cooking, the clatter of pans and the sizzle of hot fat cutting through the dry, still air, the smells delicious and tempting.

She wandered on, past stalls where men dressed in traditional robes sold brightly coloured silks, past boxes and boxes of exotic nuts and sweets, fruits and vegetables.

Once she tried asking about a taxi and the man waved his arms vaguely. She tried to follow his directions but there were just more and more stalls and no sign of anything that even remotely resembled a taxi.

The light was fading fast and she realized that she was lost in the middle of Kazban, with absolutely no idea where she was.

Feeling decidedly uneasy, she turned back the way she'd come and looked at the maze of dusty streets, trying to remember her route.

When exactly had the bustle and activity ceased? The streets were eerily quiet, as if she were the only person inhabiting this corner of the planet.

Wishing that someone else would appear, she started to walk down the nearest street and then stopped dead as three men dressed in robes suddenly blocked her path.

Her heart gave a jolt of panic.

One of them spoke to her in a language that she didn't understand and when she didn't answer they circled around her, blocking her escape.

Instinctively Emily clutched at her bag even though there was virtually nothing in it and her passport was safely tucked into a pocket in her dress.

The tallest of them spoke again and this time he smiled, but it was such an unpleasant, threatening smile that Emily felt a shiver of fear.

Determined not to give him the satisfaction of knowing that he'd frightened her, she lifted her chin boldly and tried to sidestep past the men, but they closed in more tightly, throwing remarks to each other that she didn't understand.

One of them reached out and grabbed a handful of her hair, twisting it around his fingers as though he were considering a purchase.

'Leave me alone!' Heart galloping like a horse's hooves, Emily jerked her head away from his touch and took a step backwards, but one of his friends was directly behind her, blocking her escape.

She had nowhere to go.

