
End what?

What was Zak talking about?

Wincing slightly as his fingers bit into her wrist, Emma virtually had to run to keep up with him as he strode purposefully along the marbled corridors of the palace, scattering servants and guards in his wake.

Finally they reached his office and he flung open the door and dragged her inside.

Totally stunned by his behaviour, she stared at him in amazement and no small degree of trepidation. 'What is this all about?' She jumped slightly as the door slammed shut.

'I think we should both stop playing games, Miss Kingston. Your continued denial that there is anything wrong offends me deeply.' He reached for a pile of papers and handed them to her. 'Read! Perhaps then we can drop this pretence that you are innocent and that everyone is going to live happily ever after. Let us both finally agree that your life is no fairy tale.'

Looking at the grim set of his mouth, something shifted inside her. What exactly was he talking about? With a sense of foreboding Emma stared at the papers in her hand, wondering what they contained. With a final glance at Zak, she bent her head and leafed through the papers slowly, a feeling of dread spreading through her body.

What did it all mean?

Pages and pages of figures swam in front of her eyes, together with incomprehensible legal jargon that made no sense at all.

Emma went back to the beginning and started again, this time concentrating hard on what she was reading, looking for the important bits. She found a summary and read that, and as she reached the end the papers slipped from her fingers and floated onto the floor.

Noù

'These papers say that my brother embezzled the money,' she whispered, her whole body suddenly frozen with shock. 'They say that he never invested a penny.'

'That's correct.' Zak watched her through narrowed eyes and then stooped in a lithe movement and retrieved the papers. 'And now that you are finally aware that I know the truth, I think your best course of action would be to drop the show of innocence. I have a great appreciation for honesty and so far you have displayed none whatsoever.'

Emma ignored him, too shattered by the enormity of what she'd just discovered to even attempt a response. She wasn't listening to him.

Peter had taken the money?

'Eight million pounds,' she whispered to herself. 'He took eight million pounds.' Her legs were shaking so badly that she leaned against the desk, needing physical support. As if in a dream, she ran through what she'd just read and tried to match it with what she already knew about her brother.

'I need more time, Emù'

'If I go, Em, I'll be thrown into jailù'

'Oh, my God.' Emma covered her mouth with a shaking hand, feeling as though someone had injected icy water into her veins. No wonder Peter had been worried about being imprisoned. 'He took the money and he lost it.'

And with that realization, Emma did something she'd never done before.

She fainted.


How was it that women always managed to faint when things became difficult?

Was it a skill that they taught in school?

With a sigh of impatience, Zak stooped and lifted her, trying not to notice the soft curves of her body as he carried her to the couch. This time she was limp in his arms, her blonde hair trailing over his arm like a waterfall. All traces of colour had drained from her cheeks and he felt a momentary flash of concern.

Then he remembered his sister-in law's ability to faint at will, a skill that had always stood her in good stead.

Emma Kingston had obviously perfected the same art, he thought grimly. Finding it impossible to continue to claim ignorance of her brother's misdeeds, she was forced to find another means to escape responsibility.

Her eyes flickered open and he stared into deep pools of blue, clouded with confusion and anxiety.

She looked tiny and delicate lying on his sofa and once again Zak found himself fighting the temptation to take her in his arms and offer protection, but fortunately the scars of his past throbbed warningly and he took a step backwards.

He was not so much of a fool as to allow himself to be manipulated by the amazing acting skills of one extremely guilty woman.

Ruthlessly determined to squash her feminine games, he summoned the servants and ordered that a doctor be called immediately to his office, entirely convinced that a medical examination would confirm his belief that she was faking.

The room filled with people and the doctor returned, bowing and scraping as Zak paced the room impatiently, waiting to be told that Emma Kingston was, in fact, in excellent health.

As the minutes ticked by and the doctor continued what seemed like a ridiculously lengthy examination he became more and more exasperated.

Exactly how long did it take to spot a fraud?

Finally the doctor rose to his feet, his expression perturbed. 'She has evidently received an unpleasant shock.' The doctor ran through the various findings of his examination and Zak ground his teeth with irritation. An irritation that increased radically when the doctor suggested that she remain on his sofa for the next few hours and not be moved under any circumstances.

Zak glared at the man with naked incredulity, attempting to recall the qualifications that had persuaded him to appoint him as one of the team of doctors who were permanently available for the use of his family and the palace staff.

Was the man really suggesting that the faint was genuine?

Before he could speak, Emma Kingston struggled into a sitting position, her blue eyes huge in her white face.

'I'm all rightùreally. I'm sorry to be such a bother.'

The doctor gave her a fatherly smile and patted her arm in a reassuring way, a gesture that irritated Zak still further.

Was he the only one who saw through her?

Of course she'd received a shock.

The shock of knowing that he had evidence against her brother.

The shock of knowing that her pretence of innocence was no longer going to work.

One of the servants placed a tray next to her, loaded with water, strong coffee and dates, but she just looked at it blankly and then lifted her eyes to Zak.

'IùI need to talk to you.'

Zak gave a cynical smile. Of course she needed to talk to him. The innocent act was no longer viable so now she would have to find a different way to manipulate him. Doubtless her fainting act had bought her some time and she was now prepared to embark on a new course of persuasion.

Given the kisses they'd exchanged and the longing looks she'd been casting in his direction, he prepared himself for an extremely improper suggestion.

Suddenly his body throbbed with expectation.

Deciding that their next conversation would be best conducted in private, Zak dismissed the servants and the doctor with one snap of his fingers and waited for the door to close behind them. 'Perhaps you should take some refreshment. You look a little pale.'

His sarcastic tone seemed lost on her.

'I couldn't possibly eat a thing,' she mumbled, raking her blonde hair away from her face with a shaky hand. She frowned, as if she were trying to work something out. 'I've never fainted before in my life. I can't think what happened.'

'You were in a tricky situation,' Zak observed helpfully, 'and such a skill always provides a useful escape route.'

Her mouth opened and closed and she looked at him with a lack of comprehension. 'You're suggesting that I did it on purpose?'

'You were healthy enough to throw yourself in front of my stallion less than half an hour ago,' Zak pointed out brutally, observing the continuing drain of colour from her cheeks with no small degree of fascination, 'which precludes
any serious physical cause for your sudden desire to fall at my feet. I really ought to try it myself. You wouldn't believe the tedium of some of the official functions I attend.'

There was a long silence as she looked at him in puzzled disbelief. 'Who was she?'

Totally thrown by her unexpected response, Zak's eyes suddenly narrowed warily. 'Who was who?'

'The woman who made you so cynical.' Ignoring the doctor's instructions, she struggled to her feet, swayed slightly and then lifted a hand to ward him off as he took an automatic step forward. 'You believe that everyone is playing some sort of elaborateùg-game, designed to deceive you. Well, I don't play games, Your Highness. Stay away from me. You may be a prince, but you don't have an ounce of human kindness in you. I don't want you to touch me.'

Retaining an uncomfortably vivid recollection of her passionate response to the last time he'd touched her, Zak lifted an eyebrow, his gaze faintly mocking. 'No?'

She turned away from him, holding onto the arm of the sofa for support. 'No! And if you're thinking about that kiss, well, let's just say that you caught me at a weak moment and you're a good kisser. I dare say you've had plenty of practice,' she muttered and Zak gritted his teeth, exasperated by the fact that she was actually managing to make him feel guilty.

'There was more than one kissù'

'Let's get back to Peter.' She stared at him, the accusation in her eyes keeping him at arm's length. 'You knew, didn't you? You knew that Peter had embezzled the money. That's what this is all about.'

'Of course I knew.' Zak looked at her impatiently. 'That is why I ordered him to attend the meeting. And that is why he sent you in his place. You knew, tooù'

'No!' Her sharp denial made him tense with shock.

No one ever spoke to him in that tone. He was used to people who fawned and anticipated his every whim. Especially women. And here she was, arguing and challenging him in a way that was totally without precedent.

'I didn't know.' She barely reached his shoulder and yet the flash of her eyes and the lift of her chin gave her sudden stature. 'I thought that my brother had made some investments which had failed to produce the expected return. I
thought he would pay them back soon. I told you that.'

But he hadn't believed her.

And he didn't believe her now.

Zak was silent for a moment. 'Your brother spent some time working for a bank in Kazban. During that time he persuaded honest citizens to part with their savings and trust him to invest in various stock options. He was supposed to make the investments on their behalf,' he said finally, wondering why he was spelling out what she knew already, 'but instead he took the money for himself.'

She stared at him with growing horror. 'And that's what you meant.' She shook her head slowly. 'That first day when you said that a family could starve, that was what you meant.'

Zak ground his teeth, wishing she would just confess that she'd known about the enormity of the debt all along so that they could end this charade. 'You knew that he had taken savings from the people of Kazbanù'

She sank back down on the couch, her hands clenched into fists. 'He told me it was you.' Her voice was barely a whisper. 'He told me that he'd made some investments for you.'

Zak frowned. 'In the event that is what has happened,' he said curtly. 'Those people would have suffered significant hardship had I not intervened. I have chosen to repay his debt.'

She lifted her gaze to his and her eyes were dull. 'I'm sure you're just a saint.'

Unaccustomed to being on the receiving end of sarcasm, Zak struggled for a suitable response. 'I have acted with honour.'

'Honour?' She gave an incredulous laugh. 'You have accused me of something of which I am totally innocent. You thought I knew all about the debt. You thought I was part of a big cover up. A plan to escape responsibility.'

Zak breathed in deeply, shards of colour touching his hard cheekbones as he inclined his head. That was exactly what he'd thought and it was nothing less than the truth, so why would he not admit it? And why were her eyes loaded with accusation?

Her eyes closed. Long, thick lashes brushed her pale cheeks and for a brief moment he thought he saw something glisten on those lashes. But then she opened her eyes and looked straight at him.

'I don't know where Peter is, but I do know that there must be a good reason for all this. Peter is good and kind and he never stole anything from anybody in his life.'

Zak stared at her. The evidence was laid before her and yet she still defended her brother. For a brief moment he felt a flicker of admiration. Whatever her sins, at the very least you had to credit the woman with loyalty.

Something that had been sadly lacking in his own brother.

'I see now why you wouldn't let me go. It's an enormous sum of money,' she whispered, staring down at the papers still scattered on the floor. 'It just never occurred to meù' She lifted her head and looked at him, her face ashen. 'Why? Why would he need that much money? What's he done with it? Do you know?'

Zak contemplated her thoughtfully. 'Not yet.'

She gave a humourless laugh. 'But you will. You're looking for him, aren't you?' She wrapped her arms around her slim body and he noticed that, despite the heat, she was shivering.

'Eight million pounds is a considerable sum of money, Miss Kingston,' he said smoothly. 'I have had people looking for him since the day you stepped off the plane at Kazban in your brother's place.'

She gave a painful smile. 'And I can hardly blame you for that. He owes you a fortune.' She was silent for a minute and then she lifted her chin, meeting his gaze bravely. 'Peter took the money and was afraid to face you for whatever reason, so he sent me instead. That was wrong of him. And I can see why you would have believed that I was part of it.'

'And you're saying that you weren't?' His unshakeable belief that she was as guilty as sin wavered in the face of her obvious distress and he had to remind himself that women always used emotion when they were in a tight spot.

'What was Peter thinking of?' She seemed to be talking to herself rather than him. 'He just told me that the investments hadn't gone wellù'

'He never made the investments.'

She winced and her face lost the last of its colour. 'I understand that now.' There was a long silence and then she opened her eyes and looked at him. 'And I understand why you wouldn't let me leave. We owe you an enormous sum of money. And there's no way we can even begin to repay it.'

We?

Finally she was taking responsibility for her brother's debt?

She looked immensely vulnerable and Zak's mouth tightened. Whether she'd known about her brother's misdeeds, or not, was irrelevant. What mattered now was the future.

Looking at those amazing blue eyes, the soft mouth and the swell of her breasts against her shirt, Zak suddenly found himself reaching a decision about her future with supersonic speed.

'I know exactly how you can repay it.' He delivered the words with the arrogant assurance of someone offering the ultimate prize. 'You will marry me.'


Emma sat on the sofa in a state of shock.

There was an extended silence while she tried several different ways to interpret his words. 'Sorry?'

Zak frowned impatiently, clearly unaccustomed to repeating himself. 'You will marry me,' he said emphatically, his dark eyes gleaming with a satisfaction that she found impossible to comprehend. 'It is the perfect solution for everyone.'

Emma stared, her heart thumping steadily. 'Why would you possibly want to marry me?'

'I need a wife,' he said calmly, delivering that statement in a tone more suited to announcing changes in the stock market. 'It is time. It would be a business arrangement, naturally.'

Naturally.

The dreams melted away and Emma scolded herself for even expecting to hear anything different.

She was letting a few hot kisses fuel her imagination.

'Right.' She gave a wan smile. 'Well, that's romantic.'

He frowned sharply. 'We are not talking about romance.'

'Obviously not.'

'Remember your fairy tales,' he urged silkily, gripping the tops of her arms with both hands and giving her a little shake. 'You get to marry the prince. What more could you want?'

Love?

'We've been reading different fairy tales,' she said flatly and he gave an all-male shrug that clearly dismissed the detail.

'This is a modern version.'

'Maybe I have a defective memory,' she muttered, 'but I don't remember a single fairy tale where the prince marries the girl because the clock is ticking. That's a new one.'

'There will be enormous benefits for you,' he volunteered generously, and she looked at him, wondering how there could possibly be a benefit to marrying a man who didn't love her.

'Offhand, I can't think of any.'

'You will have access to enormous wealth.'

'I don't care about money. Money just causes problems.'

Surprise flickered in those dark eyes but, with the ease of a skilled negotiator, he swiftly changed tack. 'My father will give you the title of princess. From the day of our marriage you will be permitted to walk by my side.'

Emma glanced down at his long, powerful legs. 'Generally I can't keep up with youùyou walk too fast.'

He gritted his teeth. "Why are you joking about this?'

'Because you can't possibly be serious.'

'I am deadly serious and you should know that I have never offered marriage to a woman before.'

Realizing that she was supposed to feel honoured by that announcement, Emma frowned. 'Well, you didn't exactly offer it to me,' she pointed out. 'You sort of ordered me to marry you. "You will marry me," were your exact words. I suppose you think that you're such a catch that nothing would induce a girl to refuse.'

'I will cancel your brother's debt,' he replied immediately, displaying all the cool purpose of a man intent on bringing a difficult business negotiation to a speedy and satisfactory conclusion.

His words silenced her more effectively than a gag. She opened her mouth and closed it again.

'You would cancel the debt?'

'Yes.'

'But he owes you eight million pounds.'

'On the day of our marriage that debt would be erased.'

Eight million pounds. Eight million pounds. She stared at him, mute. 'You'd pay that much money to marry me?'

'I need a wife.'

She bit her lip, watching reality involved in a head on collision with her dreams. All her life she'd treasured a vision of a future where she found a man she loved and married him. Never had she thought she'd marry for any other reason than love.

But that was before she'd discovered that her brother was in debt to the tune of eight million pounds. And before she'd exchanged hot kisses with Zak al-Farisi.

She swallowed hard, trying to hang onto her principles. 'I need to think about it.'

'That is not possible.' He was arrogantly sure of himself. 'This is a one-time offer. I need to speak to my father today.'

'Are you always this ruthless when it comes to getting what you want?'

He frowned slightly. 'You are, in effect, getting eight million pounds and a lifestyle beyond your wildest dreams. I do not exactly see you suffering from the deal.'

'That's because you don't know anything about my wildest dreams,' she mumbled, realizing just how cynical he was about relationships. He obviously never expected to fall in love, therefore a marriage that was nothing more than a business deal was perfectly acceptable to him.

Whereas sheù

Emma swallowed hard. Her wildest dreams had included a cosy home, a gorgeous man and at least five little replicas of that gorgeous man running round their pretty orchard. Never in those dreams had she seen piles of money or gilded palaces.

But neither had she dreamed about the wild passion she'd experienced the night before. It was as if he'd uncovered a part of her that she hadn't known existed.

She looked into Zak's handsome face, looking for the slightest trace of gentleness, but his eyes glittered hard and his mouth was set in a grim line.

'You don't even like me,' she whispered, but even as she said the words their eyes locked together and the burning in her body intensified to almost unbearable proportions, fuelled by the powerful connection between them.

'I don't like your lack of morals, but fortunately for what I have in mind a lack of morals is a distinct advantage.' A flicker of a smile touched that firm mouth. 'You are a stunningly beautiful woman. And I will certainly like you
when you're lying naked in my bed.'

Emma felt her limbs tremble as his eyes slid over her in blatant masculine appreciation. Heat flared in her pelvis, her whole body reacting as though he'd already touched her.

She shouldn't be feeling like this.

She should leave.

But how could she leave when Peter owed this man a shockingly large sum of money that would surely never be paid back?

Once Crown Prince Zakour al-Farisi tracked him down, he would be thrown into jail.

'I can't believe you'd really want me toùI mean...' She stumbled over the words, painfully embarrassed. She'd never had this sort of conversation with anyone before. 'You say this would be a business arrangementùnot a real marriage.'
'What is a real marriage? Among my people, such deals are commonplace.' He gave a dismissive shrug. 'But, in every sense that matters, the marriage would be real.'

Her cheeks flamed. 'I don't understandù'

One dark eyebrow swooped upwards. 'You are incredibly beautiful and I have a high sex drive,' he drawled. 'What's not to understand?'

A high sex driveù

Suddenly her limbs felt weak and she was glad that she was already sitting down.

She just couldn't believe that they were having this conversation.

'All this outraged feminine modesty is totally unnecessary,' he said smoothly. 'I like the fact that you're a passionate woman. And I like the fact that you can't hide the fact that you want me.'

Emma blushed scarlet, just mortified that she'd been so obvious.

'You're very good-looking,' she mumbled finally, keeping her gaze fixed firmly on the rug under her feet. 'You must be used to women staring at you.'

'I wasn't complaining.' He sounded amused. 'Merely pointing out that you want me as much as I want you, and I'm perfectly all right with that. I can be very modern in my approach to sex. I don't expect or want a virgin in my bed so you can drop the show of outraged innocence.'

This time she did look at him, her eyes wide with alarm and consternation. 'Butùyou're saying that if Iùif weù' her voice cracked and she closed her eyes briefly, wondering how she was ever going to perform in his bed if she couldn't even manage to talk about the idea without blushing 'ùif weùdo itùthenù'

'Do it?' His dark eyes glittered as he surveyed her with amusement. 'Do it? You sound like a schoolgirl.'

She felt like a schoolgirl. It obviously hadn't occurred to him that she might be a virgin and she was certainly not going to tell him. She couldn't even begin to have such a personal conversation.

'So you're saying that if weùmarryù' she licked dry lips 'ùyou'll drop the criminal charges against Peter and cancel the debt?'

'Why not?' He leaned against his desk, arrogantly confident and in control, surveying her through lowered lids. 'It seems a perfectly satisfactory solution all round.'

'You're throwing away a fortune.'

He gave a slow smile that set her nerve endings on fire. 'But I will be gaining a wife and I will be gaining you in my bed,' he said softly, thick dark lashes shielding his expression. 'And at the moment I'm prepared to pay almost any price for that pleasure.'

Her heart was hammering in her chest and she looked at him with a mixture of fascination and dismay.

'No.' Her voice was shaky and she shook her head. 'I can't do it.'

'Fine.' His tone was cold. 'Then your brother will be held accountable for the debt. Just how do you rate his chances of raising eight million pounds, Miss Kingston?'

Emma closed her eyes briefly.

Peter would never be able to get that sort of money. No wonder he'd vanished, she fretted, chewing her lip as she contemplated how her brother must be feeling. He'd probably gone into hiding, afraid to face the world. He must be worried sick.

If only he 'd confided in her.

But he'd always seen himself in the role of her protector. He'd never really treated her as an adult. Probably didn't believe that she was capable of making an adult decision.

Emma swallowed.

Could she really turn her back on Peter now, having been given the chance to make things right?

Her gaze slid to the prince, who was watching her, the expression in his eyes veiled by thick, dark lashes.

'All right.' Her voice was a croak. 'My body seems to be my only asset so if you want itù'

He straightened and walked towards her, his dark eyes narrowed. 'I don't want a martyr in my bed,' he drawled lightly, 'so cease pretending that you don't burn for me the way I burn for you.'

She clenched her fingers into her palms, just hating herself for being so obvious and hating him even more for noticing. She really, really didn't want to question her decision too closely.

'You think you're just so irresistible,' she blurted out, mortification overruling discretion. 'You don't think there's a woman alive who would say no to you, do you?'

'Well, let's just say that I haven't met her yet,' he said dryly. 'But then being a wealthy prince does come with some advantages.'

He was suggesting that women threw themselves at him because of who he was. But she knew that for her the attraction had nothing to do with who he was and everything to do with what he was.

A wickedly attractive male.

Powerful, strong and totally in control of his surroundings.

And the female in her was drawn to him whether she liked it or not.

'All right. Soù?' She looked at him expectantly, her whole body shivering with anticipation and he laughed.

'So? You think that I am going to throw you onto my Persian carpet and have my wicked way with you here and now?' His dark eyes gleamed. 'I have slightly more finesse than that, Emma. Anticipation is everything, don't you agree? The
feast is altogether more satisfying when the hunger is intense.'

Anticipation was starting to make her stomach feel strange and her whole body was wound so tightly that she could hardly breathe.

'So you'd rather waitù'

'When my ancestors wanted to assure privacy they returned to the desert.' His eyes glittered dark. 'I intend to do the same. Only this time I'll be taking you with me. As my wife.'

The desert?

Images exploded in her head and she remembered the wild loneliness of the landscape they'd driven through on the trip from the airport. A terrain as harsh and unforgiving as the prince himself.

She shivered, aware that he was still watching her.

He smiled. 'It will guarantee us privacy and for what I have in mind we most definitely need privacy.'