Nikki was gone.

Hannah sat up sharply and glanced round the tent, her heart sinking as she realized that there was no sight of him.

If she needed any further confirmation that last night had been a disaster for him, then she had it now.

Remembering everything that had happened and just how uninhibited she'd been, she sank back against the pillows with an embarrassed groan.

Squirming and begging. Wasn't that what he had promised and hadn't she just rolled over and done exactly as he'd predicted?

Mortified by her own lack of cool, Hannah rolled over and buried her face in the pillow with a groan.

And if once wasn't enough she'd summoned him back to bed so that he could make her squirm and beg for a second and third time.

And if she knew anything about Nikki then they were going to have to look for another tent because there was no way this one would be big enough for the two of them and his ego after her performance last night.

Looking back on it, it was perfectly obvious that he regretted what they'd done, that he hadn't enjoyed itùwhy else would he have left the tent? But she'd been so brazen that she'd all but dragged him back into bed, leaving him absolutely no choice but to make love to her a second time.

No wonder he was always claiming that women threw themselves at him. She'd thrown herself so hard that she'd virtually flattened him.

She sat upright, her face hot with embarrassment. How was she supposed to face him after that?

And somehow she had to retain her dignity for just long enough for him to return her to the palace.

Judging from his reaction the night before, he obviously didn't consider her a reasonable exchange for her brother's debt. He was probably regretting the fact that he'd ever married her.

Her body ached all over and she would have dearly loved a bath but she was far too embarrassed by what had happened to even think about leaving his tent. After all, everyone knew why he'd brought her here so presumably everyone knew
what they'd been doing all night and that knowledge just made her want to bury herself under the silk throw and never see the light of day again.

She was just wondering how she was going to discreetly disappear from his bed when the entrance of the- tent was jerked to one side and he strode in, fully clothed and obviously fresh from the shower.

His dark hair was damp and slicked back from his brow and his jaw was freshly shaven and he looked so incredibly handsome that she felt her stomach tumble over and over.

Not knowing what to say, she pulled the covers up to her chin and watched him warily.

'You ate nothing last nightùyou must be hungry.' He snapped his fingers and an army of servants hurried in carrying various dishes and pots that they placed on the table that had been miraculously cleared from the night before.

Hannah stared in astonishment. They must have come in while she'd sleptù

Her embarrassment deepened and she vowed that if she ever wriggled herself out from this agonizing situation, she was never sleeping with a man again.

The servants prepared the table once more and then melted from the room discreetly, bowing low as they did so.

The prince strolled over to the bed and handed her a robe. 'You might find this more comfortable than your blue dress.'

'Thanks.' She snatched it from him with one hand, still clutching the covers with the other. The memories of how she'd crawled all over him the night before still loomed large in her head and she avoided his gaze, determined not to show him how badly he affected her.

If he could be cool, then so could she.

Somehow she managed to wriggle into the robe without revealing a single inch of herself and she swung her legs onto the floor, gritting her teeth to prevent herself from uttering the whimper of pain that lodged in her throat as she discovered that her body ached in any number of unexpected places.

Brooding dark eyes fixed on her searchingly and she smiled blandly, rising to her feet in a smooth movement and contriving to walk normally across to the table.

'The coffee smells good.'

'We know how to make coffee.' He lounged next to her and her eyes rested on his strong forearms.

He knew how to make love too.

'I wish to talk to you about last night.' He said the words stiffly and she stilled in dismay.

She, on the other hand, had absolutely no desire to talk about last night. She did not need reminding that she'd produced the exact reaction that he'd predicted. Or that he'd been horrified to discover that she'd been a virgin.

'Those look delicious.' Hoping to divert him, she pointed to a plate of tiny pastries, and he handed them over, his eyes fixed on her face.

'We have much to talk about.'

Deciding that if he were determined to talk then they'd better get it over with, she bit into a pastry and gave a careless shrug. 'What's to talk about? You scored. End of story.'

There was a shocked silence and incredulous dark eyes raked hers. 'I scored?'

'Yes.' She took another bite of pastry. 'Isn't that what this is all about? Male supremacy? You wanted to prove that you could make me squirm and beg and I did just that. Congratulations. Another notch on your bedpost.'

His jaw hardened and he seemed unusually tense. 'That is not what happened last night.'

'No?' She put the pastry back on the plate, her appetite gone. 'Don't think that I didn't notice that you spent the whole night trying to escape from the tent. Not particularly flattering, I might add.'

He sucked in a breath. 'Until last night I was not aware that you were a virgin,' he said tightly and she shrugged.

'Well, it's hardly my fault if you're a born cynic,' she returned blithely, ignoring the bumping of her heart against her chest. 'And having discovered that my bedroom experience is extremely limited, you've made it perfectly obvious that you now wish to renegotiate our little deal.'

'Deal?'

'Well, you obviously weren't expecting to give lessons beneath the sheets,' she quipped, concentrating on her coffee, cup so that she didn't reveal the depth of hurt in her heart. 'Face it, I was not what you expected.'

Totally taken aback to find her on the attack, Nikki hesitated. 'That's true in a sense, but still Iù'He broke off and glanced up angrily as he heard a noise outside the tent. 'I gave orders not to be disturbed by anyone.'

'But I'm not anyone,' a female voice said huskily and a woman slid through the tent flap, a smile of expectation on her face as she posed provocatively in the doorway.

Nikki sucked in a breath. 'Danielle!'

Danielle?

Why was his sister-in-law visiting them in the desert?

Hannah glanced between the two of them, sensing tension. And why was she dressed as if she were going to a cocktail party? Her scarlet dress was so short that it exposed an indecent length of thigh and her pouting lips were painted a similar colour.

Remembering his comments to her about her own mode of dress that day in the souk, Hannah decided that Crown Prince Nikkiour al-Farisi could definitely be accused of being a hypocrite. If this was the way his sister-in law dressed, then why had he frowned in disapproval at her ankle-length cotton dress?

On the other hand there was no denying that Danielle was a stunningly beautiful woman in a dark, exotic way, her hair snaking down over one shoulder as glossy and rich as melted chocolate.

'You ordered me home, Nikki.' She gave a feline smile. 'Well, here I am. Home.'

Nikki's eyes glittered dark with unconcealed anger. 'I ordered you back to Kazban.'

'And when I arrived, I found you were gone,' she said huskily, her smile all feminine temptation.

Snuggled down on the cushions in her white towelling robe, Hannah felt distinctly underdressed and insignificant.

Her fragile confidence shattered still further.

'You were not invited home for my benefit, but that of your child,' Nikki said, his voice so icily cold that Hannah shivered.

If he'd spoken to her in that tone she would have just shrivelled to nothing but Danielle was obviously made of sterner stuff and merely smiled.

'Jamal told me that you were married,' she purred, her eyes sliding to Hannah with ill-concealed hostility. 'To be honest I found it hard to believe, in the circumstances.'

Nikki rose to his feet in a fluid movement, his expression grim. 'You should not be hereù'

The woman ignored him, her eyes fixed on Hannah, who clutched the neck of her dressing gown self-consciously. 'Don't think that you're anything special. He's married you to punish me.'

Hannah suddenly lost her appetite.

Muttering something in Arabic, Nikki strode across the Persian carpet, the aggressive set of his jaw leaving no one in any doubt as to his mood. 'Leave before I have you removed.'

Ignoring his chilly tone, Danielle gave a slow smile and laid a hand on his arm. 'I understand why you're angry. I know-how frustrating it's been for you,' she purred softly, 'having me so close and not being able to touch. Well, all that's about to change. I made some decisions while I was in Paris.'

Nikki looked less than impressed, his handsome face cold and disdainful. 'I am not interested in your decisions,' he bit out, but she lifted an eyebrow and her tongue snaked out and moistened her lower lip.

'No?' Her eyes dropped to his mouth in blatant invitation. 'Not even when they involve you?'

'Your decisions are your own,' Nikki replied harshly, turning from her and striding back across the tent, seemingly creating as much distance as possible between himself and the woman who was gazing at him with blatant longing.

'Nikkiù'

'You should not be here.'

Danielle raised an eyebrow towards Hannah. 'You mean because of her?' She gave a dismissive shrug, her expression indifferent. 'We all know this marriage isn't real. How can it be? And if you're worried that I'm jealous, then don't be. You're a virile man, Nikki, I've never expected you to behave like a monk. Do you think I don't know why you married her?'

Nikki sucked in a breath, a warning glittering in his black eyes. 'Danielleù'

'You are still determined to punish me for my mistake.' Suddenly she lifted a hand to her chest and her eyes brimmed with tears. 'I understand how badly I hurt you. But did you really think that thisù' she waved a hand at Hannah 'ùthat this would solve anything?'

Hannah sat frozen to the spot.

She'd known that their marriage was a business arrangement.

But it hadn't occurred to her before now that Nikki might have another woman in his life.

For some reason that she couldn't identify, the knowledge made her feel sick.

And Nikki hadn't so much as glanced in her direction. All his attention was focused on Danielle, and that was hardly surprising, Hannah thought dully. The woman was stunning.

'You made your choice, Danielle,' Nikki said harshly, 'and now I am free to make mine.'

'And that is what this is all about, of course. As I said, you are punishing me.' Her voice was soft and seductive. 'But now we're even.' Danielle's eyes swivelled to Hannah and her gaze was mocking. 'She's very sweet. But not at all your usual type.'

Nikki's eyes narrowed and he finally looked at Hannah. 'No,' he agreed softly, his eyes resting on her hectically flushed cheeks. Some of the tension seemed to leave him. 'Not at all my usual type.'

His tone was suddenly thoughtful and Danielle shrugged dismissively.

'Your father has always hoped that we would marry. And you were always determined to be your own man.' Her full red mouth curved into a predatory smile. 'I think you've made your point, Nikki. We can move on.'

Nikki surveyed her in brooding silence and then he nodded sharply. 'I agree. I will return to Kazban today. I should have acted on this before now. I have left it too long.'

Danielle smiled enticingly. 'Then I'll see you back at the palace,' she cooed and Nikki snapped his fingers to summon the servants.

As the other woman left the tent Hannah felt the confidence ooze out of her.

He obviously couldn't wait to return to the palace, and, after last night, who could blame him? How could she possibly compete with someone like Danielle?

Feeling that she ought to say something, she forced a smile. 'Obviously you and she have history.'

Nikki muttered something in Arabic, pacing across the length of the tent to release the tension that had built inside him. 'It was I who brought her to Kazban ten years ago.'

He made the announcement like a confession and Hannah's heart plummeted still further. 'OhùI seeù'

'I doubt it very much.' Nikki sucked in a breath, looking like a man at the limits of his patience. 'I need to return to Kazban immediately.'

'Of course.' Hannah's tone was flat as she struggled to hide her disappointment.

What had she expected? That he'd keep her here? That they could have a repeat of last night?

This wasn't romance, she reminded herself bleakly. This was business.


The following week seemed to be an endless stream of receptions and formal dinners and at every public event Danielle was there, her heavily made-up eyes fixed on Nikki.

Apart from being seated at his side during those dinners, Hannah hardly saw Nikki. He was either with his father or shut in his office with Sharif so she spent the daylight hours teaching Jamal and playing with him in the beautiful courtyard garden, or going for rides in the desert.

At night she slept alone in a suite of rooms that she could get lost in.

She had no idea where Nikki slept, but if Danielle's smug expression was anything to go by she had a fairly good idea.

Why had he married her?

Why hadn't he just married Danielle?

Finally, sitting stiffly by his side at yet another tedious reception, she took matters into her own hands.

Not stopping to question why it should matter to her, she put a hand on his arm, smiling an apology to the foreign ambassador who was seated to his left. 'I need to talk to you.'

He didn't glance in her direction, instead reaching for his wineglass.

She gritted her teeth. 'I want a divorce.'

Lean brown fingers paused in mid air. 'You have a strange line in dinner-party conversation,' he drawled, his tone lethally soft as he finally turned to look at her.

At least she'd finally caught his attention.

'Since I don't see you at any other time of the day, I'm forced to take whatever opportunity I can.' She smiled across the table at the Minister for Tourism whom she'd already met on several occasions, her relaxed expression concealing the serious nature of the conversation.

'I do not wish to have this conversation in public.' His tone was icy cold and she tightened her grip on her fork, refusing to be intimidated.

'Better in public than not at all. You've been ignoring me and I hate that. I want a divorce.'

He lifted his wine, his hand totally steady. 'You can't have a divorce. We have an agreement.'

'Our agreement didn't include you taking a mistress. I won't be humiliated like this.'

He stared at her with naked incredulity. 'Run that past me again?'

She shifted under the heat of that shimmering black gaze, wishing she'd kept her thoughts to herself until she'd been given the opportunity to speak to him in private. 'Well, it's perfectly obvious that you're sleeping with Danielle,' she muttered and Nikki lifted an eyebrow, an ironic gleam in his dark eyes.

'One night in my bed and suddenly you are an expert on sexual relationships?'

The reminder of that night caused her to flinch with pain. 'If you find me lacking in expertise then you have only yourself to blame,' she said tightly. 'I haven't had much opportunity to practise.'

There was a throbbing silence and suddenly everything around her faded into the background.

She was aware only of him.

Black eyes clashed with hers and she heard his sharp intake of breath. Then he rose to his feet in a decisive movement, ignoring the fact that silence had descended on the long table.

Without offering a single explanation to his guests, he extended a hand in her direction and Hannah flushed, aware that everyone was looking at them and totally unaccustomed to being the focus of attention.

'I just wanted a conversation,' she muttered, 'not a scene.'

'Strange,' Nikki murmured silkily, his voice for her ears alone. 'I thought what you wanted was more practice.'

She turned scarlet and he virtually dragged her from the room without glancing left or right, indifferent to the buzz of speculation that greeted their hasty departure.

Hannah gave a shiver of anticipation and felt weakness seep through her limbs. Since that one night at the oasis they hadn't been alone together for a single moment.

Until nowù

Ignoring the guards and the servants who bowed and scraped and scurried out of their way, Nikki strode down endless corridors and up stairs until she reached a section of the palace that she hadn't visited before.

'Where are we?'

'My apartment,' he informed her, flinging open a door and striding inside, still dragging her with him.

Once inside, he slammed the doors closed and turned to face her.

'So what is this nonsense about Danielle?'

Hannah swallowed, rendered speechless by the fierce burn in his black eyes.

He was just so attractive, she thought helplessly. And she was utterly pathetic. Behaving like a jealous female when she had no reason to be jealous.

Only someone in love would be jealous.

And she certainly wasn't in love.

Sheùsheù

She stared at him in horror, rejecting the only plausible justification for her emotional reaction to the fact that Nikki was spending time with Danielle.

She didn't care about Nikki. She didn't.

'I thoughtù' Suddenly she was having trouble breathing. 'It's just that I haven't seen you since we arrived back and Danielle is always smilingù'

He lifted a dark eyebrow. 'And you assumed that I was responsible for that smile?'

'You married me to make her jealous.'

A muscle flickered in his jaw. 'I married you because it suited me to do so. And because it would send a message to Danielle that I am not available.'

Hannah felt a flicker of hope. 'You spend one night with meùa night during which you choose to try and lose yourself in the desert as an alternative to sleeping with me. Then we come back here and I don't see you. And every time I turn around Danielle is there with that look on her face. What am I supposed to think?'

Nikki stared at her, his black eyes shimmering with disbelief. 'That I was giving you space?'

'Oh.' Hannah stared at him blankly, totally thrown by his unexpected defence. 'Why would you do that?'

'I thought I was being considerate,' he said dryly, dark eyes raking her face, 'but evidently my sentiments were misplaced.'

Hannah felt butterflies take off in her stomach, their wild dance leaving her trembling. When she spoke, her voice was little more than a squeak. 'I don't think I need quite as much space as you've been giving me.'

He tensed, his dark eyes locked on hers. 'How much space?'

She spread her hands in a nervous gesture. 'None?'

He sucked in a breath and raked long fingers through his sleek, dark hair. 'I have had a long day,' he said hoarsely. 'I'm going to take a shower. And, then we will talk some more.'

He strode out of the room leaving her staring after him, ready to scream with frustration.

Talk?

Hadn't he listened to a word she'd said?

She didn't want to talk.

She paced the length of the enormous living room, hearing the hiss of the shower coming from somewhere in the background.

Why hadn't he just grabbed her?

She'd just decided that she was destined to a life of frustration when she looked up and saw him standing there, naked except for a towel looped low around his hips.

Her mouth dried and her heart did a flip.

Her eyes fixed on his broad chest and then slid down his flat abdomen, following the tantalizing trail of dark curls that disappeared under the towel, before lifting to his face.

Raw passion burned in his eyes and she moved towards him, her heart thumping.

He sucked in a breath. 'You were very distant after our night together. Flippant. And I know I hurt you.'

'Not for long.'

His jaw tightened. 'I had never hurt a woman beforeù'

'Is that why you stayed away from me?'

'Despite what you may think about me, I was very shocked that you were a virgin. And I was angry,' he admitted in a hoarse tone, lifting a hand and stroking her hair away from one bare shoulder. 'Angry with you for giving away something so precious, so lightly, and angry with myself for not believing you. You deserved better.'

Better?

How much better could it have been?

'It doesn't matter, Nikki.' She placed a hand on his chest and felt him tense. Suddenly she realized that he was afraid to touch her. Which meant that she was going to have to take the initiative.

Without bothering to speak again, she leaned forward and pressed her mouth against his muscular shoulder, her tongue flickering out to taste the heat of his skin.

There was a moment of pulsing tension and then he gave a rough exclamation and hauled her against him.

His mouth came down on hers with a searing passion and she gave a whimper of relief, just desperate for him to make love to her the way he had in the desert.

Every night since then she'd lain awake in her bed remembering just how it had felt and the anticipation had risen to fever pitch so that when she finally felt his hands on the zip of her dress she gave a moan of encouragement.

The fabric of her dress was so heavy that it slid to the floor, leaving her in only her very brief, silky underwear.

'Your dress was beautiful but I definitely prefer you without clothes,' he informed her huskily, his eyes sliding down her almost naked body with a gratifying amount of male appreciation.

Feeling unusually bold, Hannah reached out a hand and jerked his towel and his mouth curved into a sexy smile as she let it fall to the floor.

'Now look what you've done,' he said softly, sweeping her into his arms and carrying her across to the enormous bed. He laid her down gently and came down on top of her, potently male and very much the one in control.

She felt her whole body tingle with anticipation and gasped as his mouth fastened over the tip of one creamy breast. Sensation exploded through her body like fireworks and she arched against him. He was hot and hard and so aroused that just feeling him against her made her shift her hips in an agony of frustration.

'You are so impatient, az¯z,' he groaned, trailing hot kisses down her trembling body, 'and I just love the fact that you want me as much as I want you. I was trying to stay away from you. I even put you in your own apartment because I didn't trust myself to have you in mine and not touch you.'

'I want you to touch me,' Hannah assured him breathlessly, twisting and turning as he turned her body into a writhing mass of sensation. 'Nikki, pleaseù'

'No.' His voice was a throaty growl and he kissed her briefly before lifting his head to look at her, his breathing unsteady. 'Last time I hurt you. That will not happen again.'

And he continued to tease her, introducing her to a level of sensuality that she'd never even dreamed of. With the skilled flick of his tongue and the expert touch of his fingers he drove her to fever pitch, until she was literally begging for the ultimate satisfaction.

She reached down and closed her fingers around his rampant arousal and felt the immediate tension in his hard body as he responded to her touch. His mouth came down on hers with savage urgency and he kissed her with an erotic intimacy that drove her to a state of such intolerable excitement that she felt just desperate.

'Nikki, please.' She sobbed her plea against his beautiful, clever mouth. 'I need you now.'

He shifted so that he was above her, his eyes glittering midnight-black as he stared down at her, his breathing distinctly unsteady. 'I love the fact that you are so responsive. And I love the fact that I'm the only man who has ever
seen you like thisù'

His words jarred slightly, but she was so out of control, so utterly frantic that she couldn't concentrate on anything except the burning heat in her pelvis and the hard throb of his masculinity against her. His first gentle thrust into her body made her gasp and he lifted her hips and thrust again, this time not so gently, driving deep inside her, his whole body controlling and possessing her.

Hannah cried out and wrapped her legs around him, instinctively trying to draw him closer. He felt deliciously hard and hot, the power of his masculinity driving her towards that distant point that her body craved.

'You feel so goodù' His voice thickened with desire, he brought his mouth down on hers again, his tongue sliding into her mouth in an erotic imitation of his more intimate possession of her body.

She slid her arms round his back, feeling the dampness of his skin over the hardness of muscle, feeling the power of his thrust as he moved deeply inside her. And she was aware of nothing except Nikki. The incredible closeness, the fierce demands of his body as he joined them together.

And her climax hit with the power of a storm, engulfing her in a pleasure so intense that she cried out his name again and again, her body gripping his so tightly that she heard his harsh groan and felt the hot pulse of his release,
deep inside her.

Afterwards Hannah lay beneath him, breathless and stunned, waiting for her body to return to something like normal. Every part of her tingled and she could still feel him inside her and she just wanted to stay like that for ever.

For ever.

'Sex with you is so good, az¯z,' he groaned, gathering her against him and rolling onto his back, his skin damp and his heart rate pounding steadily against her flushed cheek.

Hannah clung to him, breathless and dizzy with emotion. Suddenly the truth flashed in front of her like a neon sign.

The reason why she cared whether he had a relationship with Danielle.

She hadn't married Nikki for eight million pounds.

She hadn't married Nikki for Peter.

She'd married him for her. Because she loved him.