Zak al-Farisi stared down at her, fabulous dark eyes glittering with intent. 'You don't want me to let you go, Zoe.' His voice was the soft purr of a lethal predator. 'I know exactly what you want, and it isn't that.'

He lifted a hand and slid long fingers into the revealing gap in her dress. With agonizing slowness and punishing intimacy, he dragged a finger over her hardening nipple and she cried out as sensation stabbed through her. Stunned and shocked by the violence of her own response to him, she heard his low laugh of masculine triumph through a haze of pleasure.

'You don't want me to let you go, do you, Zoe?' His voice was slightly thickened and he powered her back against the door that had been her hope of escape, holding her there, locked against him. 'And don't try denying what you feel.
The chemistry was strong between us from the moment you walked into my palace.'

'No!' But her shocked denial was meaningless because her body was pressing against his and she was having trouble thinking, let alone speaking. Once again her body was consumed by a burning need so powerful that it took her breath away.

She wanted him.

She wanted him so badly that she could hardly breathe and even though she hated herself for feeling that way, she couldn't stop herself.

She lifted a hand to push him away but her fingers felt the hard musculature of his broad chest and what had begun as self-protection turned swiftly to a sensual exploration. Her traitorous fingers slid up to his shoulders and down his arms, feeling the swell of muscle and the strength in his powerful frame.

She stared up at him dizzily, trying to remind herself that Zak al-Farisi was ruthless and hard-hearted and had shown her not one shred of kindness since she'd arrived in his country.

But her brain was refusing to work. Her body was dominated by sensation and she felt the intense ache of excitement increase as she breathed in his masculine scent, felt the press of his hard thighs against her.

'Still pretending that you want me to let you go, Zoe?' His voice was a dark, husky drawl that teased her nerve endings and her insides tumbled with a sexual desire so intense that she gave a little moan.

'What are you doing?'

'Exactly what you intended me to do from the moment you turned up instead of your brother.' His mouth hovered tantalizingly close to hers. 'I'm taking that which was freely offered at a time when I am able to take full advantage of such a prize. You offered it in the souk but you need to learn that as a people we prefer such intimate encounters to take place behind closed doors.'

He thought that the kiss in the souk had been her fault? And yet it had been his hand that had covered her mouth, his hand that had asked to be tasted and touched.

'You've definitely read the wrong script,' she mumbled, just hating herself for being unable to control her body's reaction to him. 'The prince is supposed to kiss the princess and then release her, not imprison herù'

His mouth came down on hers with decisive force, his body hard against hers, holding her captive. Zoe gave a gasp of shock, which turned to a whimper of need as his strong hands slid into her hair, anchoring her head as his mouth plundered hers.

She felt the erotic probe of his tongue against her mouth and her lips parted in response to his explicit demand. And she was lost. An ocean of sensation crashed over her, drowning thought and speech with its frightening intensity.

Transported by the heat of his mouth and the intimate stroke of his tongue, Zoe tumbled into another world. A world she didn't recognize. A world where sensation ruled and where there were no rules. Just instinct. She felt the heat of his body against the throb of her heart and her whole body quivered and then melted.

He was all hard muscle and rampant masculinity and her fingers explored the width of his shoulders as she arched against him, the pain in her ankle temporarily forgotten as she tried to draw closer to him.

Desire coiled in her stomach, intensifying with each second until she was in an agony of sexual excitement, consumed by a fever that she'd never experienced before.

When he suddenly dragged his mouth away from hers she swayed towards him again, her whole body a trembling mass of sensation. She felt sick with disappointment that he'd stopped and even sicker with herself for wanting a man who fell so far short of her ideals.

It infuriated her that, despite everything she knew about him, it took only one touch of his clever mouth and she was willing to fall at his feet and declare undying allegiance.

Realising just how uninhibited she'd been, Zoe stared at the ground, totally mortified. She'd virtually crawled all over him and if he hadn't stopped when he had she would have done anythingù

How had that happened?

How had he managed to make her forget everything once again? Like the fact that he was holding her prisoner.

She tried to speak but no sound came out and she decided that she just didn't know her body around this man. It just didn't seem to function in the usual way. She looked up at him, misty-eyed, her brain foggy from the skill of his kiss, and finally managed to produce sound.

'I think maybe I do need that doctor after all.'


Zak strode down the lengthy corridors that led to his father's quarters, his body aching with unfulfilled sexual desire so intense that he contemplated stripping off his clothes and finding the nearest available cold fountain with which to cool his blood.

He gritted his teeth and muttered under his breath, oblivious to the staff who bowed deeply as he passed.

What was the matter with him?

He'd known that the girl was trouble from the moment she'd walked into his office, her huge eyes fixed on his face, and still he'd been overtaken by the most basic, primitive sexual urge that he'd ever experienced.

The mixture of innocence and passion had proved extraordinarily powerful and he, Zakour al-Farisi, who prided himself on his self-control above all else, had lost control. For a short time in the souk he'd forgotten everything except the softness of the woman trembling in his arms and the heat of her flesh burning against his. Had it not been for the shouts close by, he would have found himself jerking up her dress and taking her then and there, staking his claim to her in the doorway of a dusty street in the city he'd known and loved since he was a child.

He didn't know which was worse. The fact that he wanted her despite knowing what she was, or the fact that such a woman had driven him to a display so public that his face burned at the memory.

If anyone had seen themù

He reached his father's rooms and the guards fell back to allow him entry, their eyes flickering nervously to his grim, angry expression.

The proof that he was still as susceptible to an extremely beautiful woman as the next man was doing nothing for the prince's temper.

It was just a physical attraction, he assured himself as he paced the last few steps to his father's private sitting room.

Despite her wide blue eyes and her injured air of innocence, Zoe Kingston was no trembling virgin. It had been her tongue that had flickered temptingly over his fingers when he'd tried to silence her cry of alarm, her eyes that had begged him to act on the searing attraction that gripped both of them.

So why should he not take that which she was so freely offering?

It changed nothing.

He still intended to hold her brother to account for his crimes. His judgment in matters of business was still crystal clear. However powerful his feelings for Zoe Kingston, they did not extend beyond the physical and they never would.

Having rationalized the situation to his satisfaction, Zak dismissed the guards and prepared to discuss serious matters of state with his father.


'You need to rest that ankle, Miss Kingston.'

'Ankle?' Zoe stared at the elderly doctor blankly. She was back on the couch upholstered in gold silk and she wasn't even thinking about her ankle. She was just seething at the extraordinary arrogance of Zak al-Farisi.

He'd actually had the nerve to imply that she'd been determined to seduce him from the first, when he'd been the one who'd insisted on keeping her in his wretched palace! Given the chance she would have been on the first plane home!

And how she wished that had happened.

Zoe gave a low groan and closed her eyes to the extreme consternation of the palace doctor.

But even closing her eyes didn't wipe out the memory of his mouth on hers. Every nerve ending tingled and her body burned with an electrifying sensation that she didn't recognize.

'Miss Kingston?' the doctor prompted her urgently, a frown touching his wrinkled brow. 'Your pulse rate is very fast and your cheeks are flushed. Are you feeling all right?'

No! She felt terrible. And the next time she laid eyes on Zak al-Farisi he'd better be carrying his sword because she was so angry he was going to need to defend himself!

This was a man who had shown no gentleness towards her and who was accusing her brother of all sorts of unpleasant crimes. And now he seemed to think that she was some sort of seductress, just desperate for him to take her to bed!

Well, other women might be prepared to pander to his massive ego, but she had absolutely no intentions of increasing its already mammoth proportions!

Just because he knew how to kiss a woman senseless did not mean that she was going to lose sight of what sort of man he was.

The doctor lifted a hand to her forehead, looking more perplexed with each passing minute. 'You seem very agitated, Miss Kingston. Are you sure you didn't bang your head when you fell?'

'I'm fine,' she muttered stiffly and the doctor looked at her doubtfully.

'For the time being, you shouldn't do too much walking or the ankle could bleed again.' He gave her a hesitant smile and handed her a small bottle of tablets. 'I will leave you these painkillers and suggest that you sleep.'

Sleep?

Zoe didn't think she'd ever sleep again! Every time she closed her eyes she fell into a vivid memory of fierce black eyes and a body that seemed to drive hers to a point of self-destruction.

She waited until the doctor had left the room and then breathed a sigh of relief. Finally she was alone.

She hobbled over to the desk and picked up the phone. She really needed to call her brother. One way or another, she had to get out of here and if that meant pleading with Peter to come, then that was what she'd do. Surely her brother would never have let her come had he known what the Crown Prince was really like?

'Calling the cavalry, Miss Kingston?'

His smooth tone came from the doorway and she dropped the phone guiltily and then reminded herself that this man expected women to lie down for him when he snapped his fingers and she wasn't going to do that.

If he thought that she was trying to seduce him, then he was in for a shock.

Her delicate chin lifted and she turned to face him. Immediately she wished she hadn't. It was much easier being angry with him when he was out of the room. When he was in the room all she could think of wasùwasù

'I was calling my brother,' she said stiffly. 'It seems clear to me that if you intend to keep me here until he arrives, then the sooner he arrives, the better. I have no desire to spend a moment longer in your company than is absolutely necessary.'

Apparently undisturbed by her frosty announcement, the prince closed the door behind him and strolled into the room with indolent grace, his expression unreadable. 'Pleaseù' he extended a hand in a gesture of invitation, a flicker of amusement visible in his dark gaze 'ùfeel free to make the call. I would also like to know what your brother has planned. If he has no intention of coming to your rescue then I will have to consider your future.'

Her heart took off like a racehorse with the finish line in sight. 'My future?'

He shrugged, infuriatingly calm. 'If you are staying in the palace then I'll need to find a use for you.'

Zoe felt her body go liquid, all the fight draining out of her. 'If you're suggesting what I think you're suggestingù' She could barely breathe and he lifted a dark eyebrow.

'And what is it that you think I'm suggesting?'

She could feel her skin burning under the intensity of his fierce gaze and she curled her fingers into her palms. 'That youùthat Iùjoin your harem, or somethingù'

'My harem?' For a moment she saw incredulity flicker in those dark eyes and something that could have been amusement, but then it was gone and he was regarding her steadily, totally in command of the situation, arrogantly sure of himself.

Zoe closed her eyes briefly, ready to fall through the floor with embarrassment and discomfort. 'Well, even if you don't actually have a harem,' she muttered, 'I'm sure you have a string of women absolutely desperate to satisfy your
every whim and I ought to warn you that I'd be hopeless at that.'

'Hopeless at satisfying my every whim?'

'Hopeless at everything.' She licked dry lips. 'I'm not harem materialù'

But even as she said the words her eyes dropped to his lips, fixing on the perfect curve of his hard mouth. All she could think about was the burn of his mouth against hers and suddenly her breasts felt heavy and she felt her nipples peak under the thin fabric of her dress.

'You will doubtless be relieved to hear that I am very broad-minded about who I admit to my harem,' he murmured softly, and she dragged her eyes away from his mouth and glared at him, furious by her own response to him and convinced
that he was laughing at her.

But there was no trace of amusement in those heavy lidded dark eyes. Just brooding tension and searing masculine appraisal.

Zoe cleared her throat nervously, trying to remind herself that she should be slapping his face. So why did her limbs feel so heavy? Why was her whole body throbbing with a need that she'd never felt before? 'I'm really not interested in your harem. I'm going to call my brother now.' Her heart was thudding madly and he gave a smile.

'Do that. I think we both know that he won't be there, but we'll continue this pretence a little longer. I'm actually finding that I can enjoy your innocent act. It's amazingly convincing.'

'Well, of course it's convincing,' she mumbled, casting him a sideways look. 'You seem to think that I'm some closet sex kitten but I can assure you that nothing could be further from the truthù'

'I'm sure you're the very embodiment of innocence, Miss Kingston.' His dark drawl was loaded with cynicism and Zoe looked at him in dismay, realizing that he didn't believe her.

He really did think she was some sort of seductress.

She didn't know whether to be flattered or appalled, but she did know that it was time she went home before she did something that she'd seriously regret.

With a shaking hand she reached for the phone, wondering what Peter would say when she told him that the prince had no intention of releasing her until he arrived in person.

Would he come?

Remembering how firmly her brother had told her that he couldn't possibly attend the meeting in Kazban himself, Zoe felt suddenly nervous.

She paused with her hand on the receiver and the prince lifted a dark eyebrow in silent mockery.

'Is something wrong?' His tone was infuriatingly smooth. 'Perhaps you are reluctant to call your brother in the presence of an audience because it will make it difficult to agree on your next course of action.'

Zoe's eyes sparked in defence of her brother, and she lifted the receiver defiantly. She was going to speak to Peter, she vowed, stabbing the buttons angrily. And Crown Prince Zakour al-Farisi could learn the art of apology.

But her heart was thumping and her hand started to shake as she clutched the receiver to her ear.

What if Peter refused to come?

Part of her was only too aware that it had been Peter's inability to come to Kazban that had required her attendance in the first place.

She held the phone to her ear, letting it ring and ring, feeling the prince's gaze on her as she waited for an answer.

Deciding that her brother must still be at his office, she started again and dialled the office number. Finally she got through to her brother's secretary but their brief conversation left her even more troubled.

'I don't understand it.' A ripple of panic spread through her. Feeling suddenly out of her depth, Zoe replaced the phone and rubbed a hand over her face. Where was Peter? 'His secretary says that he's phoned in to say that he's taking three weeks off and he hasn't left a contact number.'

But why would Peter take three weeks off without telling her? Without first checking that she was safely back from Kazban?

'How convenient. Suspicion is a natural consequence of great wealth and influence. You would do well to remember that, Miss Kingston. I don't take anyone at face value and I never get taken for a ride.' His mouth curved into a mocking smile.

Already worried sick about her brother, she didn't laugh. 'What are you implying?' She turned to face him, her eyes sparking with challenge. 'If you think that my brother would run from his responsibilities, then you're wrong. Peter
has never run from anything in his life. H-he must have decided to take a holiday or something.'

But even to her ears it sounded unlikely. Why would her brother choose to take a holiday when his business was obviously in trouble?

And why would he not have mentioned it to her?

Something was very wrong.

She nibbled her lip anxiously, her overactive, tired mind running through all sorts of unpleasant scenarios.

Had something happened to her sister-in-law, Paloma?

Or to Peter himself?

But if that was the case then wouldn't someone just have called her? After all, Peter knew where she was.

Suddenly she felt lost and totally out of her depth.

Peter was the only family she had in the world and if he was in trouble then she really had to help him.

She had to get home.

Close to tears and racked with worry, she looked at the prince, the fight draining out of her. 'This is something to do with the money he owes you, isn't it?'

Black eyes held hers unflinchingly. 'You tell me, Miss Kingston.'

The lump in her throat grew bigger. 'I wish I could. But I don't know where he is and I don't know what's going on.' She choked, swallowing back the tears with a huge effort, determined not to break down in front of him. 'But I must
get home and find out. You have to let me go!'

'Miss Kingston, we have already established that I'm not letting you go until your brother arrives to take
your place.'

Zoe stared at him in frustration. 'But if I can't even contact him to tell him thatù'

'You're not leaving.' His jaw tightened. 'Doubtless your brother will eventually realize that your plan failed and that you are still in Kazban. Will he have the courage to come here and take your place, I wonder?'

He took a step backwards and her hand fell away from his arm.

'There was no plan.' Fighting back tears of frustration, Zoe shook her head in disbelief. 'And you are so suspicious.'

Did he have no humanity at all?

What did a small sum of money matter when compared to her brother's safety?

What if something had happened to Peter?

'If I am suspicious, then it is with reason.' From behind his back the prince produced the cord that she'd removed from the curtain in her bedroom and she felt her colour rise.

'It was the only way I could find of getting away from the palace,' she mumbled and Zak lifted an eyebrow as he paced towards her.

'You didn't think of using the door?'

She rubbed her toe on the Persian rug. 'You wouldn't have let me leave through a door.'

'I'm not going to let you leave at all.' Zak stared down at her, his wickedly sexy eyes black as pitch. 'There is no possible exit you can take from the palace without being seen. If you escape again I will merely bring you back again, so you might as well accept that fact. You're not leaving here until your brother arrives to take your place. The best thing you can do is pray that your brother realizes the error of his ways and decides to be held accountable for his actions.'

With that he dropped the cord in her lap and walked out of the room, leaving her staring after him feeling utterly helpless.


Zoe limped across her enormous bedroom, ignoring the pain in her ankle.

Her guest room was exquisitely decorated and at any other time she would have been open-mouthed with awe at the grandeur of her surroundings but all she could think about was her brother and the fact that Zak al-Farisi obviously wasn't going to let her go.

How could he be so unreasonable?

All her instincts told her that Peter wouldn't have taken a holiday at this time and that there was something serious going on. Something that she might be able to help with if she hadn't been stuck in Kazban.

She had to do something. But what?

Escaping was proving impossible and the prince obviously didn't have a compassionate bone in his body, so pleading wouldn't work.

And as for that ridiculous conversation about his haremù

Her heart lurched uncomfortably. At the moment she was so desperate that had she thought seduction would work then she'd happily have employed it as a tactic, but she knew absolutely nothing about seduction and she wouldn't have the
first clue how to proposition a man even had she wanted to.

She was running through the options in her head when she heard the unmistakable screams of a small child.

Zoe winced and glanced at the maid who was preparing her bed for the night. 'Aisha, who is that crying?'

The maid gave a nervous smile. 'It is Jamal, my lady,' she murmured reluctantly. 'The prince's little nephew. He is only five years old and he is very highly strung. Sometimes he has bad dreamsùthe staff find him difficult.'

Staff?

The screams intensified and Zoe felt the tension rise in her. Surely someone was going to stop the child crying? 'So if the staff find him difficultùwhat about his parents?'

Aisha locked her hands, her features carefully composed. 'His mother is presently abroad, Miss Kingston. She likes to travel.'

'Right.' Zoe digested that and told herself firmly that it was absolutely none of her business. She had enough problems in Kazban without encountering any more.

The screams grew more frantic and she clenched her jaw and gave up the fight. She could no more leave a child screaming like that than she could walk naked through the souk.

'All right.' She looked at Aisha with exasperation and limped towards the door. 'So who cuddles him when his mother is away?'

'The young prince has a nanny,' Aisha ventured, frowning slightly as Zoe opened the door. 'Miss Kingston, you shouldn't go to himùhe's in good handsù'

'Well, it certainly doesn't sound like it,' Zoe muttered, 'and if no one else is going to stop that screaming, then I am.'

Without waiting for permission, she walked along the corridor until she located the sound and pushed open the door, her gaze immediately homing in on a little figure in the middle of a huge bed. She looked round the huge room and thought that it was no wonder that the child had nightmares. Cosy it was not.

Who on earth had decided that this was a suitable room for a child?

The child sobbed and screamed and a young girl was shouting at him in exasperation, clearly at the end of her tether.

Zoe looked at her in disbelief. 'Stop shouting.' She kept her own voice soft so that the tension didn't escalate even further. 'You're making it worse.' Hiding her anger, she gestured for the girl to step backwards. 'You don't shout
at a child who's upset!'

The girl was breathing heavily, her expression exasperated. 'But he's just so naughtyù'

Zoe raised an eyebrow. 'He's five years old,' she said flatly. 'If he wasn't naughty, I'd be worried.'

The child's screams intensified and he drummed his arms and legs on the bed.

'He's scaring himself. He needs to be cuddled,' Zoe said firmly, slipping off her shoes and sliding onto the bed. It was the only way to reach the child. The bed was simply enormous. Having settled herself comfortably, Zoe scooped the child onto her lap and cuddled him close, ignoring the flailing arms and the kicking. She hugged him tightly, talked softly to him and finally, just when she was ready to give up and try something else, he gave a sob and flopped against her, exhausted.

Zoe let out a breath. 'Gosh, that must have been an awful dream,' she murmured, stroking his hair away from his face with a gentle hand. His face was scarlet and damp from crying and he looked utterly pathetic. 'Do you want to tell me about it?'

'Tigersù' the little boy hiccoughed 'ùand more tigers.'

Zoe frowned and rocked him gently. 'And what were the tigers doing?'

The child gave a jerky breath and snuggled closer. 'Chasing me. They were going to eat me. Just like the story.'

Zoe felt him shiver and tightened her grip. 'Just like what story?'

'The one that Yasmina read to me.' He looked at the young girl and shrank closer to Zoe.

'I see.' Zoe glared at the girl, who looked distinctly uncomfortable. Then she glanced around the room. 'Well, there are no tigers here, but it's pretty dark, isn't it? What you need is a light so that there are no dark corners.'

'Mama says that lights are for babies,' he said in a small voice and Zoe smiled.

'I like a light on at night. Do I look like a baby to you?'

The little boy stared at her with wide eyes and then shook his head. 'No. You look like a princess.'

'Do you like princesses?'

He nodded and she smiled.

'All right, Jamal, this is what we're going to do. Yasmina hereù' she dealt the girl a frosty glance 'ùis going to organize a light for you and then you and I are going to read a different sort of story. My favourite story.'

He looked at her doubtfully. 'About tigers?'

'Definitely not.' Zoe pulled a face to show what she thought of that idea. 'It's about a princess.'

Jamal's face brightened. 'Does she have golden hair like you?'

'Just like me.'

'Is she pretty, like you?'

'Much prettier.'

Jamal looked doubtful. 'All right.' He stuck his thumb in his mouth and looked up at her expectantly.

Yasmina lifted her chin defiantly. 'His Highness does not allow me to leave the child.'

'That's presumably because he's never heard you yelling. You can leave him. I'll take responsibility,' Zoe said coldly, her gaze sliding to the little boy on her lap. If the prince thought that she was going to leave the child in the care of a nanny whose idea of a bedtime story scared him witless, then he had another think coming! And if he wanted to throw her in the dungeon for that, then he could feel free. 'If you could fetch me a light and a glass of milk,
before you go, that would be great.'

Yasmina backed out of the room and Zoe returned her attention to the child.

'OK, Jamal, are you ready for that story?'