Three days later, Emily stared up at Zak, unable to believe that they were now married.

Because his father was ill, they had all agreed on a quiet wedding but, even so, Emily had been startled by how quickly the ceremony had been arranged.

Everyone thought it was wonderfully romantic that the previously cynical, playboy prince had fallen so madly in love with a woman that he was determined to marry her as quickly as possible.

Only she and Zak knew the truth.

And now, finally, their vows had been exchanged and everyone was waiting for him to kiss her.

Aware that Zak's father was watching them with an expression of benign approval on his tired face, Emily was careful not to let any of her anxiety show.

She'd only met the ruler of Kazban a few days before but she'd warmed to him immediately and she had no desire to hurt him by allowing him to think that their marriage was anything but genuine.

So when Zak's dark head bent towards her she lifted her mouth willingly, telling herself that she was doing it for his father and her brother. That the kiss was part of the deal that they'd agreed.

She was completely unprepared for the immediate rush of heat that she felt when his mouth descended on hers. Compared to the previous kisses he'd given her, it was relatively restrained, but its impact was no less for that restraint.

Emily felt her whole body respond and, unable to stop herself, she leaned into him, seeking closer contact. His arm slid round her waist and he continued to kiss her until someone cleared their throat and Zak finally lifted his head, a strange expression glittering in his dark eyes as he stared down at her.

'My wife.' He said the words thoughtfully and she flushed slightly, assuming that there was at least a hint of mockery in those words.

After all, hadn't each of them entered the marriage for a reason that was far removed from love and romance?

She was dying to ask why he needed to get married at this particular time, when he'd avoided it for so long, but there was something about his arrogant, forbidding profile that made it impossible to voice the question.

She had no more time to dwell on his reasons because the wedding guests suddenly swarmed around them, eager to deliver congratulations. Emily had discovered that, although this had been billed as a 'small' wedding, Zak was part of a huge extended family and 'small' meant that she had to talk to an endless stream of well-wishers.

Grateful for his support, Emily wondered how he could be so convincing when both of them knew that this marriage was very much a business arrangement.

But he seemed determined to play the part of the attentive male, not leaving her side as they were approached by an endless stream of people whose names she had no hope of remembering.

Eventually they sat down at a long table to eat and, as she glanced round her, watching people as they talked and ate, she found herself wishing that Peter were there. He was the only family she had, after all, and she would have wanted him at her wedding even though it wasn't a wedding in the proper sense.

But it was because of Peter that this wedding was taking place.

'You are very quiet,' Zak said softly, his dark gaze raking her pale face. 'You are tired?'

'I was just wishing that Peter was here,' she said truthfully and his brows came together in a frown.

'Your brother has caused you much heartache,' he murmured, disapproval evident in the lines of his handsome face. 'Now that you are my wife, I will do everything I can to put that right.'

He sounded so caring that she actually had to remind herself that he'd married her simply because he needed a wife.

This wasn't real—

'You've married me and cancelled the debt,' she pointed out stiffly. 'I think you've done more than your share.'

Immediately after the wedding feast they left for the desert, delayed briefly by the reaction of Jamal who clung and cried and demanded not to be left.

'He is so little and he's had so much change,' Emily said softly to Zak as she cuddled the little boy. An army of palace staff had decorated the room in accordance with her instructions and it was bright and cheerful and full of light.

'You can't take Emily away!' Jamal glared at his uncle. 'I love Emily. Emily laughs and she cuddles and she's fun. And I like her stories.'

Zak swept the little boy into his arms. 'You discovered all that in such a short time? I will bring her back to you,' he promised, his voice surprisingly gentle as he reassured the child, 'but in the meantime I have found you a new nanny who you will love and who will also tell you great stories and—' he hesitated '—and I have arranged for your mama to come home.'

Still recovering from the shock of discovering that Zak was capable of real warmth, Emily noticed his mouth harden and wondered what it was about Jamal's mother that seemed to induce such tension in everyone.

Privately she was appalled that the woman seemed to show no interest in her own child and she was oddly touched that the prince seemed equally disapproving. He genuinely seemed to care for his little nephew and he had interviewed the new nanny personally. Fortunately the girl was very sweet and swiftly made friends with Jamal, who reluctantly agreed to let Emily go.

'But bring her back,' he ordered sulkily and his uncle's eyes gleamed.

'Be assured, I will bring her back.'

When I've finished with her, had been the unspoken message as he'd glanced at Emily and she'd coloured 
deeply.

And now they were one of a convoy of vehicles, all heading towards the oasis of Madan.

'I—I thought we'd be alone,' she ventured, glancing over her shoulder, and the prince gave a wry smile.

'"Alone" is a word that doesn't feature in my vocabulary,' he conceded, his hands tightening on the wheel as he held the vehicle steady on the difficult terrain. 'But when we reach the oasis we will most certainly be granted privacy. For what I have in mind I most certainly don't require any sort of audience.'

Emily turned her head away to hide her expression. The reference to their approaching wedding night made her shrink with embarrassment and as the Golden Palace of Kazban disappeared behind them she felt the tension rise.

She clung to the seat of the four-wheel drive vehicle, staring in fascination at the vast sand dunes that rose steeply in every direction. The sun played tricks with the colour, revealing browns, reds and rich golds.

'How on earth do you know where you're going?' She gazed at the sand dunes that stretched endlessly into the distance. 'I mean, it all looks the same.'

Maybe they'd get lost.

Maybe they'd have to return to the palace...

The prince glanced at her briefly. 'To a foreigner, maybe. To those familiar with the desert it is possible to navigate with only the wind and the stars as guides.'

'It's daylight,' Emily pointed out, her eyes narrowing slightly, 'so there are no stars and we can't feel the wind thanks to air conditioned luxury.'

The prince smiled. 'I thought you preferred the more romantic slant,' he drawled lightly, 'but you are right, of course. And once we leave the road, I use a compass. It's built into the vehicle.'

A compass.

No chance of getting lost, then.

Emily slumped back in her seat, but against her will her eyes slid sideways and rested on the hard muscle of his thigh. For the journey he had discarded both suit and robes in favour of an old pair of black jeans and they fitted snugly, accentuating his athletic physique. Unable to help herself, she let her gaze flicker upwards slightly to where the fit of his trousers displayed the unmistakable evidence of his masculinity. Her stomach dropped and her mouth dried. No matter which conversation one of them started, the only words in her mind were bed, bed, bed.

How could he be so relaxed about the whole thing? she wondered helplessly, swiftly turning her head to hide the betraying colour in her cheeks. She was a complete bag of nerves and yet he was totally cool.

But then he probably made a habit of taking women into the desert to seduce them, she thought weakly, remembering her brother's comments about the prince's reputation with women. Shy and inexperienced he certainly wasn't!

Unlike her—

'We will be stopping at the stud farm first,' the prince told her, his sharp glance in the mirror reminding her that they were towing a horsebox behind them. For a moment she'd forgotten Sahara and the fact that the prince seemed to trust no one else with his precious stallion.

'We fly our other horses around,' he'd explained as he'd loaded the horse into the box himself, 'but Sahara hates flying and I won't subject him to the stress.'

His thoughtfulness on that score had surprised her. Maybe she should turn herself into a horse, Emily mused. Then he might be more sympathetic.

Feeling gloomy again, she stared out of the window and her interest was caught by the changing scenery. The light played across the dunes, creating different patterns and eventually her eyes drifted closed.

When she awoke it was late afternoon and in the distance mountains loomed and she could see palm trees.

She frowned and smothered a yawn. 'What's that over there?'

'It's the oasis. We've arrived,' Zak told her and Emily's eyes widened.

'But it's huge! I thought an oasis would be small.'

'Sometimes they are and sometimes whole towns are built around an oasis,' he informed her, slowing his pace and suddenly changing direction. 'We will go first to the stud farm. I wish to see Sahara settled.'

Minutes later they were passing white painted fences and lush greenery. Emily blinked in astonishment at the contrast with the desert and then gave a gasp of delight as she saw horses, her tension momentarily forgotten.

'Arabs! Oh, they're beautiful—can we stop the car?' Emily already had her hand on the door and he obliged, bringing the vehicle to a halt. 'Look at the foals.' She jumped out of the vehicle and sprinted over to the white-painted fence. Her expression softened as she watched the two little foals. 'Aren't they gorgeous?'

'They are by Sahara,' came a voice from behind her and she turned to see that the prince had also climbed out of the four-wheel drive. 'Both fillies—and both with an impeccable bloodline. They will do well on the racetrack.'

Emily turned as she heard Sahara stamping impatiently in his box and calling to the mares.

Hearing the noise, the mares came galloping across the field to the fence, tails held high, nostrils flared in excitement and anticipation.

Despite her nerves, Emily gave Zak a rueful smile. 'Sahara knows he's home.'

'I think his emotions are slightly more basic than that,' he drawled slowly, his gaze slightly mocking as he looked down at her. 'He senses the mares and all of a sudden he has sex on the brain.'

Sex on the brain.

Suddenly Emily's eyes were trapped by his, her breathing compromised by the molten sexuality in those glittering black eyes. This must be how the mares were feeling, she thought breathlessly. Confronted by a powerful stallion with just one thing on his mind. Nervous and fascinated at the same time.

Zak stepped closer to her and suddenly she was overwhelmingly aware of his masculinity. As if her body had sensed his superior strength and mastery, she experienced a thrill of excitement that was totally alien to her.

'And the mares are equally excited,' he said in a soft drawl, gesturing towards the mares with a casual flick of his hand. 'Because the stallion is home.'

Warmth spread through her pelvis and Emily stood frozen to the spot, held still by the velvet seduction in his voice and the sheer power of his presence. Every female part of her reacted to the male in him and she felt herself sway towards him, drawn by the indefinable chemistry that seemed to connect them.

His eyes locked on hers and he gave a nod of pure masculine satisfaction. 'You will come to me tonight,' he said silkily, 'and it will be good.'

Emily was lost in those dark eyes. You will come to me tonight. She ought to slap his face for being so self assured and arrogant but instead she found herself wishing that she didn't have to wait until tonight.

She wanted him now.

Appalled by the direction of her thoughts, she backed away from him, reminding herself that she was doing this for Peter. She was cancelling the debt. It was a business deal—

So why was her body trembling with anticipation?

She shot him a look designed to freeze but he merely smiled, his expression infuriatingly enigmatic.

Confused and unsettled by her own feelings, she was relieved when a group of staff from the stud farm arrived to take Sahara.

The prince unboxed the horse himself and then turned him over to the head groom, issuing a string of instructions in Arabic.                                                

The man nodded and led the horse away, leaving them alone.

'So where are we staying tonight, Your Highness?' She aimed at some degree of formality and the prince looked amused.

'We are married, azîz. I think we have reached the point in our relationship where you can call me Zak.'

'Our marriage was a business arrangement,' she reminded him stiffly. 'We don't have a relationship—'

'We will do by tonight,' he answered smoothly, his confidence absolute, 'and rest assured that I do not expect you to call me "Your Highness" when you are stretched out naked under me.'

Emily felt heat flood through her body at the vivid image his words created. 'You're trying to shock me.'

He lifted a hand and stroked her cheek, a curious expression on his handsome face as he ran a finger over her heated skin. 'I've never met a woman who blushes as often as you do.'

'I never blushed until I met you,' Emily muttered, feeling the maddeningly gentle touch of his fingers with every nerve of her body. 'Since I met you I'm the colour of a beetroot every minute of the day.'

He smiled. 'Because I'm so very shocking and you're so very innocent, Miss Kingston?'

There was no missing the irony in his tone and Emily bit her lip. This was her opportunity to try and tell him that he was totally wrong about her. But she couldn't bring herself to say the words.

'I'm doing this for my brother,' she croaked finally, and his smile broadened, his black eyes flickering down to her mouth.

'The ultimate sacrifice,' he murmured softly. 'In a few hours from now you will be lying on my bed, squirming and begging and I assure you, azîz, you will not be thinking of your brother.'

Emily pulled away from him feeling hot and strange and so furiously angry with him that she was ready to hit him!

Not daring to look back at him, she stalked back towards their vehicle and yanked open the door, vowing that whatever happened between them she most certainly wouldn't squirm or beg.

She was going to lie there with her eyes shut and her mouth shut and his incredible ego was going to have to survive without any help from her!

She scrambled into her seat and moments later he joined her, springing into the driver's seat with athletic grace and driving his foot down on the accelerator.

Without Sahara to consider he drove swiftly, sparing not a thought for the others trying to follow.

In a relatively short time they reached the other side of the oasis and Emily saw a series of enormous tents.

Well, they weren't exactly tents, she conceded, staring in awe at the vast expanse of canvas that stretched before her. The prince obviously needed space when he was away from home.

'The desert can be dangerous,' the prince warned, leaning across and releasing her seat belt, 'so you would be wise not to wander far while you are out here, azîz.'

She glared at him, still angered by his own total self-assurance. Didn't he feel even the slightest glimmer of
nerves about the forthcoming night? But then why would he? she reasoned gloomily. He was an experienced, sophisticated man of the world whereas she—

'What could possibly be more dangerous than you?'

His sinfully sexy mouth curved into a smile. 'Well, I would have said snakes and scorpions, but it's for you to decide, my beautiful English rose.'

Snakes and scorpions?

Emily looked at him in dismay and opened the door gingerly, staring down at the ground with trepidation.

The prince reached a hand inside a pocket of the vehicle and removed a dagger. 'Perhaps you would feel safer with this,' he mocked gently as he handed it to her. 'Then you can defend yourself against intruders. Eight-legged or otherwise. Providing you don't wander into the desert unaccompanied you should be perfectly safe.'

She took the dagger, noting the beautiful carving on the handle. 'Thanks.' Having examined it closely, she handed it back. 'You'd better keep it. I'm not that great with violence.'

'Ah, yes.' He took the dagger and dealt her a sizzling smile. 'I remember now—the princess and the water pistol.'

His smile held so much charisma that her stomach felt hollow and her legs wobbled.

Furious with herself for falling so easily for his charm, she dragged her gaze away from his mouth and swallowed hard.

She was not going to squirm or beg, she reminded herself firmly.

Suddenly realizing that an army of staff was waiting to greet them, she slid out of the vehicle, lifting a hand to her hair, conscious that she'd been travelling all day. She must look a total mess. She would have given anything for a long soak in a bath but doubtless such luxuries were unavailable out in the desert.

She was surprised and pleased when Aisha stepped forward. She hadn't even realized that she was part of the group who was travelling with them. 'If you would follow me, Your Highness. You must be tired after the journey.'

Your Highness?

Suddenly realizing that there was more to marrying a prince than legalized sex, Emily hurried after her, not casting a backward glance at the prince. 'Call me Emily, Aisha.'

The girl looked shocked. 'That would not be proper, Your Highness. You are a princess now and tonight we will make you so beautiful for the Prince.'

Emily's sharp declaration that she'd rather go in jeans, just to make a point, froze on her lips when she saw the beautiful dresses hanging up ready for her to select one.

'Oh.' She stepped up to the rail and touched the first one, a shimmering blue silk that changed colour with the light.

'I love that one too,' Aisha agreed, her tone excited as she took the dress down and held it against Emily. 'It will look wonderful. But first you must have a bath.'

'Where?' Emily glanced round the 'room' for the first time and her mouth fell open.

It was like something straight out of the Arabian nights. The flaps of the tent had been drawn back, affording a breathtaking view of the desert, and the whole room was colourful and mysterious. Decorated in deep reds and purples, the floor was covered in Persian rugs so beautiful that Emily caught her breath.

There was a noise from outside the door and four more female servants entered, bowing and smiling and carrying hot water. 'The prince has asked us to help you dress for dinner, my lady.'

Emily stood still while Aisha unzipped her dress and chatted happily. 'But how you are fortunate! To have fallen in love with the prince and for him to fall in love with you—it is so romantic.'

Romantic?

Emily bit her lip, unwilling to disillusion the girl. She knew exactly why the prince had married her and his reasons were far from romantic. He needed a wife and, for some reason, he'd chosen her. He was behaving like his stallion. He had sex on the brain.

'All right, Aisha.' She tipped her head on one side and looked at the bath. 'Let's get on with this.'

Two hours later, she stared at her reflection in awe. Instead of allowing her to sleep after her bath, Aisha had urged her to sit in the chair where she'd done her hair and makeup and then helped her to dress.

Her newly washed hair flowed down her back and glinted with the tiny flecks of gold thread that Aisha had cleverly woven into the strands and her eyes had been outlined with kohl and they suddenly seemed enormous.

And the dress was amazing. She'd never worn anything so beautiful in her life.

She turned sideways to look at herself in the mirror, hardly recognizing herself. It looked Eastern and exotic, skimming her figure lightly, hinting and suggesting at what lay underneath without being blatantly provocative. And yet at the same time it felt incredibly sensual against her skin.

How had he guessed her size so accurately? A flush spread across her body as she acknowledged the likelihood that the prince was well acquainted with female sizes.

Aisha had gasped in delight as she'd slipped the dress over Emily's head.

'Oh!' She'd covered her mouth with her hand. 'That shade of blue really suits you. You look every inch a princess.'

'Let's not get carried away here,' Emily muttered dryly, pushing aside the romantic thoughts that had been with her since childhood. There was going to be nothing romantic about tonight, she thought. The man might be spectacularly good-looking, but he was also cold and ruthless, and tonight was certainly not about romance. It was all about sex.

So why was her stomach full of butterflies and why was her pulse racing in frantic anticipation ?

'How long have we got, Aisha?'

'His Highness has requested that you join him as soon as you are ready,' the other girl said quickly and Emily took a deep breath, feeling as though she'd never be ready.

'Well, let's go, then.' Before she bolted into the desert and took her chances with the snakes and the scorpions.

Aisha pulled back the flap on the tent and Emily was surprised to see Sharif standing there. Her cheeks flamed. Was the entire staff of the palace present to witness her first night with the prince?

He gave a bow. 'I have come to escort you to dinner,' he said gravely and she gave Aisha a warm smile.

'Thanks for everything.'

'Have a wonderful evening, Your Highness.' Aisha's eyes were wide with awe and Emily reflected that to some, marrying the prince was obviously considered on a par with winning the lottery.

She walked up to Sharif with a smile. 'Ready when you are.'

His gaze slid over her, starting with her golden hair and finishing with the blue silk slippers that adorned her feet and matched the fabric in her dress. Then he gave a faint sigh.

'It was inevitable,' he murmured to himself and gestured for her to follow him down the canopied corridor.

Wondering exactly what was inevitable, Emily hurried after him, but there was no opportunity to ask because almost immediately Sharif entered another tent and bowed low.

The prince strode forward and Sharif immediately melted away, leaving the two of them alone.

Suffering from a sudden attack of nerves, Emily stood still and wondered if the time would come when she would be able to look at him and not shake with longing. He really was indecently good-looking, she thought helplessly, her eyes running over his broad shoulders and resting on the tantalizing cluster of dark hair visible at the throat of his open-neck shirt. He'd changed into a pair of beautifully tailored trousers but, despite his outward appearance of Western sophistication, he still managed to look exotic and dangerous. His eyes glittered dark as he studied her, his legs spread wide in a stance of supreme self-confidence.

His eyes slid over her with a gratifying amount of male appreciation. 'You look beautiful.'

Hideously self-conscious and not knowing exactly what was expected of her, she gave a little shrug and glanced down at herself. 'You chose it.'

'I wasn't talking about the dress.'

Her cheeks coloured under his burning scrutiny and she'd never felt more awkward in her life. They both knew that this wasn't exactly an ordinary courtship and she certainly hadn't expected compliments. What happened now? Did they eat? Talk? Or did they—

'You're shaking.'

'Well, I'm nervous,' she confessed, fiddling with her hands and then wrapping her arms around her middle. 'It's not every day a girl joins a harem.'

'I married you, azîz. So no harem.' He gave a predatory smile, as relaxed as she was tense. 'This is an exclusive arrangement. Just you and me and an extremely large bed.'

Her eyes slid to the bed and she felt her cheeks heat and her legs weaken alarmingly. Draped in rich coloured silks, it dominated the room, inviting the occupant to recline on its vastness, to sink into the soft, satiny cushions and to lose herself in female fantasy.

Emily felt her body warm.

The prince certainly knew how to play to a woman's fantasies, she thought weakly, a strange feeling that she didn't recognize curling deep in the pit of her stomach. She stared at the bed and had a fleeting and decidedly unsettling image of herself lying on those silk sheets, entwined with a man—but not just any man. A man with eyes as dark as night and a man with a heritage that began in the desert.

A man who could kiss a woman into a stupor.

Appalled by the uncharacteristically sexual nature of her thoughts, Emily dragged her eyes away, reminding herself that she wasn't exactly qualified to do justice to the bed.

Aware that the prince was looking at her with a lazy, slumberous gaze, she felt her heart rate increase at an alarming rate.

'I can see you're expecting a lot.'

'This display of feminine shyness is totally wasted on me,' he drawled softly, strolling around her slowly. 'We are both adults and we both want the same thing.'

Did they?

She wasn't at all sure what she wanted.

She'd thought that she just wanted to go home, but suddenly the only thing in her head was him.

And the bed—

When she still didn't answer, he gave a shrug, his eyes amused. 'Let me spell it out more clearly. If you wish to play elaborate games then, of course, I shall oblige, but it is entirely unnecessary. You are a modern young woman, not an innocent virgin, and I'm perfectly comfortable with that.'

Emily wondered just how comfortable he'd feel if he knew that she'd never done any more than kiss a man before.

Eyeing the enormous bed once more she suddenly felt ridiculously nervous and decided that she had to tell him the truth. She just wasn't any good at lying and surely the minute he stripped her naked, he'd know.

'I—er—we need to have a talk, Your Highness,' she began, and he strolled towards her, his black eyes raking her tense face.

'Zak.'

She sucked in a breath. 'Zak—I know you think that I—well, you're completely wrong about me and I think you ought to know that I haven't—well—' She broke off, scarlet with mortification. 'I've never—' She broke off again, letting the words hang, hoping that he'd got the message.

His gaze rested on hers, a mixture of exasperation and amusement lighting his dark eyes. 'Fine.' His broad shoulders lifted in a dismissive shrug. 'Then I look forward to introducing you to the joys of sex.'
