Zak stood in the doorway of the room, his eyes on the two figures lying on the bed. They were oblivious to his presence, both totally engrossed in the story. One telling it, one listening.

'And the prince said, "Save me, save me,"' Emily was saying in a soft voice, 'and so the princess climbed up the side of the building and handed him the key that she'd stolen from the guard.'

Jamal's eyes were like saucers. 'Did she kill the guard?'

'Kill?' Emily put a hand to her throat, horrified at the suggestion. 'Goodness, no! The princess was a very kind girl. She used far cleverer ways to get what she wanted.'

Zak gave a cynical smile. Of course she did. Wasn't that what women always did? A sword was much too direct for them. They used other, more devious means of getting their own way.

Like trying to fool the prince with a show of feminine innocence.

'Well, I don't think the prince was very brave. Not like my uncle. He's a proper prince. Nothing scares him.'

A small smile touched Zak's mouth at this evidence of uncritical hero-worship.

Emily lifted a hand and stroked the dark head with a gentle hand. 'But I'm sure even your uncle wouldn't use that sword unless he had to.'

Jamal nestled closer to her, clearly enraptured by the story. 'Did the princess in your story have a sword?'

'The princess hated violence,' Emily said firmly, her blue eyes twinkling with laughter. 'She used a water pistol.'

A water pistol? Zak struggled not to laugh along with her, his eyes still on the little boy and the woman who was cuddling him.

He'd been intending to sort out the issue of Jamal's nanny earlier in the day but his trip to the souk had delayed him, and when he had been informed that the child was screaming he'd prepared himself mentally for a long and difficult evening.

Instead he'd found the child calm and happy and snuggled tightly in the arms of Emily Kingston.

Surprise had rippled through him. That he had not expected.

Blissfully unaware of his scrutiny, she was curled up on the bed, happy and relaxed, totally at ease with the child. Against his will, Zak's eyes raked the soft curve of her breast and her rounded hips and he felt an inexplicable surge of lust. Her blonde hair flowed loose over her shoulders and she was still wearing the blue dress, although she'd somehow secured the neckline.

He remembered her comments about his harem and the tension inside him rose to almost intolerable levels. If he had a harem then she would now be lying flat on a bed awaiting his pleasure and he would be preparing himself for a long and extremely satisfying night.

Jamal gave a yawn. 'I like that story, but I still think that the prince is supposed to do the rescuing. My uncle would never need anyone to rescue him,' he said in a sleepy voice and Zak's eyes narrowed as he watched Emily smile.

'No?' she murmured. 'Well, princes don't always behave the way you think they should. Sometimes they can surprise you.'

'I think the princess was very clever,' Jamal murmured, his eyes drifting shut, and Emily shifted slightly so that she could pull a blanket over him.

She lay next to him, stroking his hair until she was sure that he was asleep.

Zak frowned slightly as he observed her patience and gentleness with the child. Aware that most people struggled to handle Jamal, he was surprised by how easily she'd calmed him and built a relationship within a ridiculously short space of time.

But then he already knew that she was clever. Look how hard she was working to convince him of her innocence.

Satisfied that the child was asleep, the girl wriggled gently away from him and slid off the bed.

Zak noticed that this time she was barefoot, the bandage the only evidence of her earlier brush with danger in the souk. He moved, treading silently as he strolled across the rug towards her. 'A water pistol?'

She gasped in fright and covered her mouth with her hand. 'Oh, you made me jump!' She cast an anxious look at the child. 'Don't wake him up! It's taken me ages to settle him.'

'I'm aware of that,' Zak said dryly, noticing that without her ridiculous heels she barely reached his shoulder. She also looked very, very young. Gritting his teeth, he reminded himself just what she was. A woman who sanctioned theft on a grand scale. A woman who was hotly sexual and not afraid to display such passions. Young, she might be, but innocent she was not. 'I understand he had a bad dream again?'

'Again?' She frowned up at him. 'It's happened before?'

Zak stared down at his little nephew. 'It happens all the time.'

'Well, you should start by firing that nanny! She's awful!'

'The nanny has already given her notice.'

'You should be grateful for that! She read him a story about tigers eating little boys!' She glared at him as though he'd been personally responsible for the misjudgment. 'I mean, how ridiculous can you get? And when he was crying she was shouting at him. It's no wonder the child is scared of the dark—the woman is freaky. How long has she been his nanny?'

Zak tensed. 'Less than a month.'

'A month?' She looked startled. 'And the one before that? How long did she last?'

'Two weeks.' Zak gritted his teeth as he read the amusement in her eyes. 'It is not funny.'

She clamped her lips together but he saw the tiny dimple appear by the side of her mouth. 'I disagree. When a five year old runs the household, it's funny.'

'He is a difficult child.'

'Of course he is,' she muttered, her eyes sliding to the child who still slept. 'If I had a different carer every few weeks, I'd make sure I was difficult too.'

Zak's eyes narrowed. 'What are you saying?'

'Children need consistency. And Jamal doesn't have any. He's horrifically insecure and it's no wonder he has bad dreams.'

'And you worked all that out in one short evening?' Unaccustomed to being in a position where he felt forced to defend himself, Zak felt a surge of irritation. 'Jamal does have consistency,' he growled. 'The palace is teeming with his family. And the place is crawling with guards. He can hardly feel threatened.'

The implied slur on his family touched his pride and he folded his arms across his chest and stared at her, subjecting her to the full force of his gaze.

She stared right back. 'Children need a special person to bond with. And it is his imagination that threatens him,' she said quietly, 'not the reality. And, yes, I've worked it out in one short evening. I'm used to children of Jamal's age. It's my job and I'm well qualified, which I suspect is more than can be said for that girl who was terrifying the life out of him.'

Adjusting rapidly to the realization that there might actually be more to Emily Kingston than met the eye, Zak caught the accusation in her gaze and tensed. 'His mother selects his nannies—'

'This is the same mother who leaves him alone?' She blurted the words out and then had the grace to blush. 'I—I'm sorry. It's none of my business.'

Zak was silent for a long moment and then decided that he could not defend the indefensible. 'No. You're right.' His voice was tight. 'My sister-in-law has never taken her responsibilities seriously enough. And I have not interfered as much as I should have done.'

And there were good reasons for that.

Wondering what was driving him to reveal intimate family matters to a total stranger, Zak rubbed a hand over the back of his neck to relieve some of the tension, aware that she was looking at him with a puzzled expression on her lovely face.

'But why should you interfere? You're not the child's father. Surely that's your brother's responsibility.'

'My brother is dead, Miss Kingston.'

He saw the shock in her eyes and he withdrew, carefully masking his expression. This conversation had most definitely gone far enough.

'I'm sorry.' Her voice was quiet. 'That's terrible. Poor Jamal. And poor you. You lost your brother.'

Poor you?

Since his brother's untimely death not one single other person had dared utter words of such a personal nature and Zak tensed as emotions that he'd resolutely refused to acknowledge surged through his powerful frame.

She knew nothing of the circumstances of Raschid's death and he had no intention of sharing the information with her.

'It is not something that is discussed.' His tone was forbidding but she just looked at him with that clear blue gaze that he found so disconcerting.

Others bowed or averted their eyes in his presence. The fact that Emily Kingston forgot or refused to do either was at the same time irritating and refreshing.

'I know how hard it can be to lose someone you love,' she said softly and he sucked in a breath in a hiss.

'Before you shed tears over that which you know nothing, I should inform you that my brother died when Jamal was still so little, he has no real sense of loss.'

'I was talking about your loss.'

The tension in his shoulders reflected his supreme discomfort. 'I do not need, or wish for, your sympathy.'

She nodded. 'Of course you don't. Men are always hopeless at showing their emotions.'

He gritted his teeth. 'Self-discipline is a quality to be valued highly and this is not a conversation that I wish to pursue.' Swiftly he steered the subject into safer waters. 'So if you're such an expert on children, tell me what to do about the nightmares.'

In truth he felt responsible for his little nephew, knowing that his sister-in law was a frivolous, hard-hearted woman with no thought for anyone but herself. And he was truly disturbed to think that the child was having bad dreams. Making up his mind that the nanny would be dealt with severely, he looked at her expectantly.

'Well, the first thing I'd do is move him. This room is totally unsuitable for a child who has bad dreams. It's hardly surprising that this room scares him. It's—huge.' She waved a hand around her to illustrate her point. 'It has lots of scary corners that create shadows. He ought to be in a bright, cheerful bedroom with painted animals on the walls and a good nightlight that shows everything for what it is.'

Zak glanced around the room, trying for the first time ever to look at it through a child's eyes. 'It was chosen by his mother.'

'Does the size of the room reflect the status of the person in Kazban?'

She was unusually observant, Zak reflected.

His sister-in-law had indeed chosen the room for its size rather than its appeal to a child. But then everything Danielle did was measured in terms of status. A child's comfort would have meant nothing to her when making her choice of rooms.

He made an instant decision. 'First thing tomorrow we will move Jamal. You will choose the room.'

She gaped at him. 'Me?'

'Why not?' He gave an indolent shrug. 'You have professed yourself an expert on these matters and Jamal clearly likes you.'

'Well—' her eyes slid to Jamal, who was still sleeping soundly on the bed '—all right. And while you're at it, you need to employ a decent nanny. Someone who isn't going to leave or read him stories that give him nightmares.'

Zak looked at her thoughtfully, an idea forming in his mind. 'Since you're so sure what the child needs, you can also fulfil that role for the time being,' he said smoothly, seeing an instant solution to a problem that had been nagging him for some time. Her morals might be extremely questionable but there was no denying that she'd taken good care of Jamal that evening.

'Me?' She was looking at him with an appalled expression on her face. 'I can't do it! As soon as Peter comes, I'm going home.'

'But I think we've both established that he isn't coming, is he, Miss Kingston?' Zak smiled. He had to give her full marks for perseverance. 'Or perhaps you are worried that caring for Jamal will interfere with your next escape plan. What will it be tomorrow, I wonder?' he drawled softly, stepping closer and watching the way her lips parted and her breathing quickened. 'Will you be using water pistols at dawn?'

She glared at him, but he saw the betraying colour in her cheeks and the way her eyes drifted to his mouth.

She was remembering the kiss. And so was he.

White-hot lust thudded through his body and he was about to drag her into his arms and give way to temptation when he remembered Jamal.

He gritted his teeth in frustration.

Was he fated to always be in public with this woman?

Seriously tempted to resurrect the institution of the harem just so that he could place her in it and pay regular visits, Zak let his eyes drift over her smooth cheeks and rest on her soft mouth. It still infuriated him that, even though his brain knew she was duplicitous and had no morals, his body was more than happy to seek the most intimate acquaintance possible.

But perhaps that just proved that, in spite of everything that had happened, he was still capable of feeling some emotion, albeit only on a physical level.

He was a healthy adult male with strong sexual appetites. Despite all her claims to innocence, she made no secret of the fact that she wanted him. It was written in her every glance. And presumably that was her intention. He watched as she dragged her eyes away from his mouth, her cheeks slightly flushed. How did she do that? he wondered. Contrive to appear so innocent?

'I-I'm really sorry that I can't stay to sort out your nanny crisis,' she stammered, backing away from him slightly, 'but I really have to get home to my own brother.'

'But your brother isn't at home, is he?' Zak pointed out silkily. 'So until you've identified his current whereabouts, there is little point in even thinking of leaving Kazban.'

Her eyes flickered hesitantly to his again and their eyes locked. Heat and awareness flared between them and Zak felt raw desire rip through his body.

Assuring himself that his nephew was in a deep and peaceful sleep, he hauled her against him and brought his mouth down on hers with crushing force. Her soft lips instantly parted and she leaned into him, sliding her arms around his neck to bring herself closer.

He tasted the sweetness of her mouth, felt the curve of her hip pressing against him, and suddenly his whole body was on fire.

He felt her teeth on his bottom lip and then the gentle touch of her tongue, soothing and seducing. Driven by the almost unbearable ache in his groin, he captured her face with his hands and held her firm so that he could explore her mouth in minute detail.

Her body was shivering against his and he felt the warmth of her skin through the fabric of her dress. She was all feminine temptation and torment and heat licked through his veins, driving him wild.

A sound from the bed brought him back to the present and he lifted his head, once again appalled by his need to have this woman no matter what the consequences.

Her eyes were glazed, unfocused, and she swayed forward again, her gaze fixed longingly on his mouth.

With a huge effort of will, he forced himself to release her, backing away from her as if she were a poisonous snake.

Wrestling with emotions that he hadn't experienced since he was a hormonal teenager, Zak strode out of the room without a backward glance, cursing the fact that Peter Kingston had ever decided to do business with the state of Kazban.


Emily replaced the receiver with a shaking hand.

Still there was no answer from Peter's home and no clue at all as to why he would have taken off without telling anyone where he was going. It was so unlike him and suddenly she wondered just how well she knew her own brother.

Soaked with anxiety, she stared mindlessly out of the window and then gave a frown as she suddenly became aware of the commotion in the courtyard below.

The prince's black stallion was rampaging round the yard, scattering servants in his wake. Thoroughly overexcited and extremely bad tempered, his teeth were bared and he kicked out at anyone who came close to him.

Emily watched, transfixed, and then suddenly her attention was caught by a tiny figure in the corner of the yard, walking forwards, hand outstretched to the enormous horse.

Jamal!

'Oh, no—' Filled with foreboding, Emily turned to the young girl who'd been sent to her with a selection of clothes. 'Which way?' she demanded urgently. 'How do I get to that courtyard?'

She needed to get down there before the child was killed!

The girl glanced at her nervously and then hurried to the door and pointed to a set of stairs.

'At the bottom is a door that opens directly onto the courtyard,' she said and Emily flew past her without further delay, driven by anxiety for the child.

It was obvious to her that the servants had no intention of going near the horse, which meant that no one was going to stop Jamal from putting himself in the path of the stallion.


Sahara was up to his tricks again.

Dark eyes veiled by thick lashes, Zak watched from his office in exasperated amusement as his favourite stallion defeated all attempts to capture him, his nostrils flaring and his eyes wild as he reared up in the yard, scattering the stable staff.

Someone obviously hadn't locked the stable door properly, Zak thought wearily, reflecting that if his staff were as clever as his horse then they might do a lot better.

But whatever the reason, the horse was now loose in the yard and no one had the nerve to get too close.

Deciding that the time had come to return the animal to the stud farm where he could gallop to his heart's content, Zak realized that he'd better get down to the yard before the horse hurt someone.

Abandoning the paperwork that had accumulated in his absence, he rose to his feet in a fluid movement and then stopped, paralyzed by the sight of his little nephew walking towards the horse.

Frozen to the spot, Zak waited for one of the servants to extract the child from danger, but they were chattering nervously among themselves, each too concerned about his own safety to worry about the child.

Fear, like a lead weight, settled in Zak's insides.

The gravity of the situation was immediately obvious and he prepared himself to witness a hideous accident because he knew that, no matter how quickly he moved, there was no way he would be able to reach the child in time.

And then he saw another figure crossing the courtyard, long blonde hair tumbling down her back as she moved swiftly towards the child. Without hesitation, she reached out in a decisive movement and scooped Jamal out of harm's way, thrusting him bodily into the arms of one of the servants who was hovering at a safe distance.

Zak hadn't even been aware that he was holding his breath until he found himself releasing it slowly. The immediate danger averted, gradually his heart rate returned to normal and he waited to see the woman retreat to the safety of the palace. Instead she turned her head and spoke to the servant who held Jamal, waiting while he took the little boy to safety. Then she turned back to the horse, her intentions clear.

Zak cursed softly under his breath. Far from being resolved, the situation had returned to critical because by now Sahara had become bored and impatient and was baring his teeth, his expression dangerous.

And this time the victim would be the girl.

He sucked in a breath, the tension spreading through his powerful shoulders as he watched her approach the horse. Didn 't she know the risk?

No one had ever been able to handle Sahara except him.

This time Zak moved, making it down to the courtyard in record time, but not quickly enough to prevent Emily Kingston from walking towards his stallion.

He gritted his teeth, afraid to call out in case he startled the horse.

A chill ran through him as he contemplated just how much damage an enraged Arabian stallion could cause to one slender female.

He might not like the woman but he most certainly didn't want her death on his conscience.

With a muttered oath he relieved the nearest guard of his gun, feeling a sickness deep in his stomach. He prayed that he wouldn't have to shoot the horse that he'd bred himself and nurtured from a colt. But if he had to, then—

Ignoring the excitement and panic of the stable staff, the girl strolled forward slowly, talking to the horse as if he were a friend and they were having a conversation.

Zak saw the horse tense suspiciously. Realizing that she was now so close to the animal that any movement on his part could put her in danger, Zak held himself still, watching through narrowed eyes as she spoke quietly to the horse.

'You're a great big bully,' she said in a conversational tone, 'frightening everyone like that. You've got to learn to play nicely if you're going to have any friends.'

Zak's fingers tightened on the gun and he braced himself, waiting for Sahara to display his natural instincts to kill everyone who approached him. Instead the horse gave a disgusted snort and butted the girl with his nose.

She smiled and let him smell her. 'You don't deserve anything to eat because you've been naughty,' she told him firmly, lifting a hand and rubbing the side of Sahara's neck gently. 'But when you learn some manners, I'll give you something nice to eat.'

Sahara gave another snort and Zak let out a breath, staggered that she was still alive. He watched in stunned amazement as she slid her hand over the horse, her touch almost sensual as she smoothed Sahara's strong neck.

The horse turned his head and blew gently on her hand and Zak shook his head in incredulous disbelief.

Was she some sort of sorceress?

No one was able to get that close to Sahara, except him.

And here she was rubbing the animal's nose and telling him off as if he were a tame donkey.

It seemed that even Sahara was susceptible to her feminine charms.

Zak gave a cynical laugh. Not satisfied with seducing him, the woman was now trying to seduce his horse.

And it seemed to be working.

The tension had left the horse and he stood, docile and contented, allowing himself to be petted.

'You're so handsome,' she crooned softly, stepping closer still and rubbing the horse's neck until the animal gave a whicker and nudged her pockets hopefully.

'Oh, go on, then,' she said indulgently. 'Just a few mints.'

She reached into her pocket and pulled something out, feeding it to the horse, who munched happily, butting her with his nose in gratitude.

'One day I'm going to ride you,' she murmured and Zak felt anger surge through him, fuelled by the relief that no one had been hurt.

'Don't even think about it,' he said coldly, thrusting the gun back into the hands of the nearest guard and walking towards them. He shook his head in exasperation. 'Are you now trying to escape my palace in an ambulance? Or was that heroic performance another elaborate trick on your part to persuade me to release you?'

'Trick?' For a moment she looked puzzled and then understanding dawned and her blue eyes shone with incredulity. 'You think I pushed Jamal in front of that horse especially so that I could then rescue him? Are you sick?'

'What I think, Miss Kingston,' he said icily, 'is that you would do whatever it takes to secure your release. And it seems to me that putting me in your debt would appear to be a possible way of achieving that objective.'

'Stop talking like a businessman and start thinking like a human,' she suggested, her tone equally cold. 'I would never put a child in danger and the fact that you even think that I might shows me that you know nothing whatsoever about me.'

'Why else would you risk your life for a child with whom you have no blood tie, if not for personal gain?'

She gaped at him and appeared temporarily speechless. When she finally found her voice it was croaky. 'Because I would never let anything happen to another person if I was able to prevent it.'

'So the fact that I am now in your debt is of no relevance to you.'

'You're not in my debt.' She looked him straight in the eye. 'I didn't do what I did for you. In fact it might surprise you to know that I wasn't even thinking about you at the time.'

She was so outraged by the suggestion that for the first time in years Zak felt a flicker of uncertainty.

But to have believed her would have meant believing that she'd committed an act of total selflessness and he knew that few, if any, women were capable of such goodness. Certainly not a woman like Emily Kingston, who dismissed the loss of people's savings with such casual ease.

'You and your brother are little more than thieves,' he drawled softly, 'so you must forgive me if I take a little convincing regarding your motives for that seemingly heroic rescue.'

He was prepared to believe that she might not have actually engineered the incident, but that didn't change the fact that she'd taken full advantage of the situation that had presented itself.

'Let's get one thing straight, shall we?' She put her hands on her hips and Sahara threw up his head in alarm. 'Sooner or later Peter is going to repay the money he owes you and then you are going to have to admit that you were wrong. Frankly, I can't wait for the apology.'

Unaccustomed to being challenged on any point, least of all one that was supported by a substantial body of evidence, Zak sucked in a breath, anger rising in him like lava in a volcano.

With an imperious flick of one bronzed hand he dismissed the servants, resolving to deal with their cowardice in not helping Jamal at some later date.

At the moment his attention was focused on Emily Kingston, and as he boxed the stallion and secured the bolt Zak gritted his teeth and decided that he'd had enough of her games.

His fingers closed around her slim wrist and he held her in an iron grasp. 'Come with me. We end this. Now.'
