She couldn't move, couldn't breathe, her whole body singed by the blatantly sexual nature of Zak's words and his gaze.

The joys of sex.

She'd expected him to be at least slightly fazed by the discovery that she was a virgin, but he didn't seem remotely bothered.

He'd accepted it without as much of a blink of those inky dark lashes.

The reality of the situation suddenly loomed large and her tummy tumbled.

It was actually going to happen.

Nerves fluttered frantically in her stomach, mingling with a deep, throbbing ache that began in her pelvis and spread slowly through her body. All those years she'd dreamed about what it would be like and now 
she was about to find out.

'Are you hungry?' Zak gestured to the low table that was spread with a variety of tempting dishes and Emily placed a hand on her churning stomach.

Hungry?

She was far too nervous to eat a thing, but if she refused then she knew what the alternative entertainment would be—

Suddenly needing to postpone the moment for as long as possible, she managed a smile.

'Starving,' she lied, walking over to the cushions and seating herself comfortably.

To her dismay, Zak seated himself right next to her, his muscular thigh brushing hers as he sat down, leaving her breathlessly aware of his masculinity.

Feeling positively weak at the knees, she was relieved that she was already sitting. She didn't know how she was going to eat anything. Her stomach was churning and so full of butterflies that there was definitely no room for anything else.

'Wine?'

He poured her a glass and handed it to her and she took it eagerly and took several large gulps, hoping that it would make her relax.

But relaxing was impossible. How could she relax when he. was lounging so close to her and she was aware of every male inch of him? She put her goblet down, her hand shaking so much that she was afraid she might spill the wine.

'Tell me about your family.' He spooned some food onto her plate and she immediately stiffened, her whole manner defensive.

'If you're trying to trap me into saying something about Peter—'

'Relax.' He gave the order softly, his eyes amused as they raked her tense features. 'Tonight we are not at war with each other. My question was an innocent one—I merely wished to discover more about you. We are, after all, married.'

But the marriage wasn't real—

She stared at him. 'Peter is my family,' she said flatly, taking another large gulp of the wine. It really was completely delicious and, although she never usually drank, she rapidly decided that the only way she was ever going to get through this evening was if she had something to relax her. 'He's all I have in the world.'

The prince's eyes narrowed and his gaze was speculative. 'All you have? How so?'

'Our parents died when I was twelve.' Emily looked at him, wondering why he was suddenly so interested in her. 'I went to live with Peter.'

'He is much older than you?'

'Fifteen years.' Emily gave a bleak smile. 'I suppose I was an afterthought. Anyway, Peter and his wife took me in.'

He frowned. 'They had no children of their own?'

Emily shook her head and concentrated on pushing her food around her plate.

'Paloma never wanted children.'

'But she had you.'

'Not through choice.' Emily picked up her wine again, not wanting to reveal such an intimate part of herself to him. She didn't want him to know just how much she longed to be part of a real family. Peter had done his best to make her feel wanted, but nothing had been able to disguise his wife's irritation at being landed with a child she hadn't wanted.

And lying in her bedroom alone, trying to fill the bone-deep loneliness night after night, Emily had lost herself in books and stories of happy families and she'd vowed that one day that would be her.

She didn't need a prince and she didn't need a palace, but what she did need was love.

Which was ironic, really, she reflected, reaching dizzily for her wine, because she seemed to have ended up with the prince and the palace but not the love.

Deciding that life certainly had a way of surprising you, she was about to take another mouthful when the glass was gently removed from her hand.

'I think this evening would be more exciting for both of us if you weren't unconscious,' he drawled, spooning a selection of food onto her plate. 'Try this. It's a local speciality.'

Having thought that she wouldn't be able to eat a thing, Emily suddenly discovered that the food was delicious and she nibbled a few pieces before stopping and looking at him.

'What about you? It must have been pretty lonely being a prince.'

His eyes met hers above his wineglass. 'I have been surrounded by people since I was born. To be lonely is a fantasy.'

Emily thought about that and then nodded. 'I can see that it must be difficult to get time on your own, but you can be surrounded by people and still be lonely. Especially if you suspect their motives. But at least you had family who you could trust.'

His shoulders tensed visibly. 'Do you always have such a naive approach to life?'

She looked at him warily, unsure what she'd said to engender the bitterness she detected. 'I just mean that families usually stick together—'

'Do they? Is that another one of your fantasies?' His gaze was enigmatic and Emily bit her lip, not knowing how to respond. She was used to dealing with very young children who hadn't had time to be damaged by life. A cynical adult was outside her scope of experience.

She turned the question back on him. 'Don't you think that families should be able to rely on each other?'

Zak drained his glass of wine. 'I think it is foolish to ever rely on another person.' His face was suddenly cold and unsmiling and she wondered what had happened to make him so suspicious of everyone. To make him so ruthlessly independent that he'd even dismiss his own family.

'So why haven't you married before now?' She asked the question without thinking and his features froze. Sensing that she'd said the wrong thing, Emily was about to apologize when he gave a slight smile.

'The time wasn't right, azîz.'

Sensing that he was holding something back, she was dying to question him further but something in his cool gaze prevented her from speaking.

Feeling decidedly woozy and wishing that she hadn't drunk the wine quite so quickly on an empty stomach, Emily slipped off her shoes and snuggled back on the cushions.

'This is an amazing tent. So comfortable,' she murmured, gazing around her. 'I've always thought I'd hate camping, but you certainly know how to do it in style.'

Zak smiled and followed her gaze. 'You had visions of pegging down tent poles in the desert?'
'Something like that. Is it here all the time?'

Zak nodded. 'It is my home when I am visiting the stud farm or sorting out problems among the tribe. They come and see me here. It is a simple life. Less complicated than living in the palace at Kazban.'

Emily eyed the bed again and decided that it didn't look that simple. And, remembering the entourage of staff who had accompanied them through the desert, she questioned the prince's definition of privacy.

'Does your father come here too?'

'As you have observed, my father no longer enjoys good health,' Zak replied evenly, 'and he prefers to remain in the palace with Jamal.'

Emily smiled. 'Your little nephew is gorgeous.'

'You like children—' A strange expression crossed his face and she looked at him in surprise.

'I love children. Why wouldn't I?'

'Because not all women do,' he replied carefully and Emily frowned.

'Well, I suppose that's true.' After all, Paloma definitely didn't love children. 'But I do. Especially Jamal's age.' She snuggled into the cushions, smiling to herself. 'I love the way they're so excited about everything. And they just learn so fast. One minute they're recognizing letters and then the next minute they're stringing them together and they're reading and that is just the best thing. Seeing a child spell a word out for the first time just makes me smile and smile.'

A long silence greeted that declaration and she blushed. 'Sorry. I was chatting too much. I always do that when I'm nervous.'

Night-black eyes meshed with hers. 'Why would you be nervous?'

Her smile faltered. Was he seriously asking her that? She'd already told him that she'd never done this 
before.

'I'm afraid of getting lost in the bed,' she joked feebly and he gave a soft laugh.

'I can assure you that there is no chance of that, habibati.'

Emily felt the tension rise to such heights that every nerve ending in her body was screaming. Her eyes dropped to his gorgeous mouth and she had to clench her fists to stop herself reaching for him and dragging his head down to hers.

Why didn't he kiss her?

Hadn't he invited her into the desert for the express purpose of seducing her?

And yet so far he hadn't laid a finger on her.

Her whole body was so agonizingly aware of him that she thought she'd melt with longing.

But still he didn't make a move towards her.

Perhaps he'd changed his mind.

But then she tumbled headlong into his smouldering black gaze and knew that he hadn't changed his mind.

He was playing games with her.

'So, Emily...' His eyes glittered as he looked at her and she looked back at him dizzily, her heart beating faster as she gazed into his wicked black eyes. He was so impossibly handsome she just wanted to stare and stare.

And touch—

His mouth drifted closer to hers. 'So, Emily, tell me your wildest fantasies.'

Her wildest fantasies?

At the moment they all involved him and the bed that was waiting for them in the corner. But the detail was vague. She didn't have enough experience to know exactly what she wanted him to do, but she knew she wanted him to do something, and quickly, before her body melted with longing—

She stared up at him, just willing him to kiss her, but instead he rose to his feet and swept her up in his arms before striding across the room with her. He lowered her gently to the floor next to the bed and then placed his hands on her shoulders.

Shaking with anticipation, Emily lifted her eyes to his and caught her breath as she saw the heat and purpose in his shimmering black gaze.

His mouth came down on hers with seductive gentleness, in complete contrast to the madness of their previous kisses. This time his kiss was leisurely, almost teasing, and she lifted her hands and placed them on his chest. Her fingers curled into hard muscle, feeling the slow thud of his heartbeat and the tantalizing warmth of his skin through the thin silk of his shirt.

She felt the erotic slide of his tongue against her lips and her mouth opened under his, her heart thumping hard as he encouraged her to allow a more intimate exploration

As he deepened the kiss a slow burn of heat flared deep in her pelvis and grew and grew until her whole body was on fire with longing.

And still he kissed her, his long fingers sliding down her bare arms as he explored her mouth with explicit strokes of his tongue.

The heat grew inside her and she felt his hands move across her back and then suddenly her dress slid from her shoulders and pooled at her feet leaving her dressed only in her underwear.

Emily gasped against his mouth, but before she could speak he scooped her up in his arms, lowered her into the centre of the bed and came down on top of her.

She felt his weight holding her still and then his mouth came down on hers again, his kiss hot and hard as his hand slid over her heated skin and cupped one full breast.

He removed her bra without her ever knowing how and then finally lifted his head, his eyes glittering black as he stared down at her.

'Without doubt you were designed for a man's pleasure,' he said huskily, lowering his head once more, this time to claim the rosy jut of her nipple with his mouth.

At the first skilled flick of his tongue, she arched and cried out, shocked by the intensity of the feelings that exploded inside her, but he held her down with the weight of his powerful body, keeping her captive as his mouth created magic.

'Zak—' She gasped his name and writhed underneath him, driven wild by the intolerable heat in her pelvis.

He lifted his head, his breathing unsteady as his hand slid slowly down her body, lingered for a brief moment on her hip and then rested on the most private place of all.

Emily held her breath. Her cheeks burned and part of her felt shy and self-conscious but another part of her wanted him to touch her so badly that she didn't care.

She almost sobbed with relief as his fingers eased inside her silk panties and then gasped as he parted her and sought access to the very heart of her.

It was the most intimate experience of her life and her cheeks flamed as she felt him explore her, each expert stroke of his fingers releasing a flood of sensation that swamped her excited, shivering body.

Emily was on fire.

Her body wanted something more. Desire pulsed through her and she reached up and grabbed the front of his shirt, wanting to feel his skin against hers.

Her fingers shook as she fumbled with the buttons and all the time he continued to take shocking liberties with her body, his dark eyes slumberous and wickedly sexy as he watched her squirming beneath him.

'You like that.' Blatantly smug at the havoc he was creating in her body, he allowed her to remove his shirt and closed his eyes as she slid her hands over his hair-roughened torso.

Dark hair shadowed the powerful muscle of his chest and she touched him with awe, acutely aware of his male strength.

Feverish with need, she moved her hands to the waistband of his trousers and she fumbled with his zip, desperation making her clumsy.

Dealing her an all-male smile, he placed his hand on hers and helped her finish the task, discarding the rest of his clothes with an impatient movement before coming back on top of her.

Suddenly she felt impossibly shy, her cheeks flaming at her first brief glimpse of an aroused male. Shocked blue eyes met amused black.

'You are allowed to look, habibati,' he drawled softly, lowering his head and kissing her briefly on the mouth. 'And you may also touch.'

Touch—

Her heart pattering ridiculously fast, she slid her hand down his body and then hesitated, afraid of doing the wrong thing. Of touching him in the wrong way.

And then she felt his hand cover hers and draw it downwards until her fingers stroked along the length of his pulsing shaft. The discovery that she couldn't quite circle him with her hand made her stomach shift with nerves. But surely the female body was designed to accommodate even the most powerful male, she assured herself, closing her eyes as she felt his silken hardness and heard his harsh groan.

'Enough—' With a decisive movement he pulled away from her gentle caress and came down on top of her, settling himself between her thighs.

She felt the throb of his erection touching her intimately and instinctively arched closer to him, her whole body humming with a sexual excitement so intense that it threatened to overwhelm her.

He paused and she shifted impatiently beneath him, needing him to relieve the intolerable ache that was consuming her entire body.

He raked the tangled blonde hair away from her flushed face with a far from steady hand and then slid an arm under her hips, lifting her slightly.

She felt his bold shaft stretching her and then he thrust deep, sheathing himself inside her in a powerful movement. Emily gave a shocked cry of pain and dug her nails in his back in an instinctive attempt to stop him moving.

His body stilled immediately and his hand cupped her chin, forcing her to meet his incredulous gaze.

'Emily?' His husky question required an answer, but she could give him none because she was afraid to breathe, afraid to move in case the pain returned. And anyway, she didn't understand his shocked reaction. She'd told him that she was a virgin—

But for some reason there was a tension about him that hadn't been there before and he hesitated before lowering his mouth to hers and kissing her gently, the erotic probe of his tongue stoking the fire again.

'Relax and I swear I will not hurt you again.' He muttered the words against her mouth and then gave a groan of apology, 'It hurt only because I didn't know—'

Her hands were still clutching the smooth skin of his shoulders, willing him not to move. 'But I told you—'

His breathing was unsteady. 'And I did not believe you. And that shames me.'

'Doesn't matter,' Emily breathed, suddenly conscious that the pain had gone and a very different sensation was building inside her. She moved her hips experimentally and he drew in a ragged breath.

'We should stop—'

'No!' Not recognizing what was happening to her own body, Emily slid her arms around his neck. 'No, don't stop. Please.'

He stared down into her face for endless seconds and then he lowered his mouth to hers and kissed her gently. 'I will be very gentle,' he promised huskily, 'and you will tell me if I hurt you again.'

Her heart thudding uncomfortably, Emily moved her hips again and he gave a low laugh.

'You were built for pleasure, azîz, and it will be my fortune to show you just how great that pleasure can be.'

He looked dark and masculine above her and she sucked in a breath sharply as he altered her position and withdrew slightly before thrusting again, his eyes on her face as he moved.

The feel of him against her and inside her was so exquisite that she cried out and slid her hands over his silken back, this time urging him on.

'Slowly, azîz,' he cautioned softly. 'I will not hurt you a second time.'

'You're not hurting me,' she gasped, 'but, Zak, I need—please—'

But he refused to quicken the pace, instead taking her with agonizing slowness, each thrust a sensual torment as he taught her body the true meaning of desire.

And she felt the pressure in her body build and build until she was sobbing and gasping against his mouth, desperate for the fulfilment that eluded her.

'You are mine, azîz, only mine.' he uttered the words against her mouth and then thrust deep and hard, his love-making suddenly fierce and possessive. He was all heat and power, controlling her response until she finally reached a climax so intense that she cried out his name again and again, her fingers biting into his back as she felt him shudder against her.

Emily felt tears choke her and closed her eyes tightly, determined not to show him the level of emotion he'd induced.

She just hadn't known—

Hadn't imagined that it could ever be like that.

Not just the excitement but the amazing closeness. His lovemaking had somehow driven out the loneliness that had been part of her for so long. For the first time in her life she'd felt a perfect connection with another human being.

She held tight to his body, loving the feel of his weight on her, not wanting the moment to end.

But inevitably it did and Zak rolled onto his back, taking her with him, his arms holding her firmly against him. 'That was amazing.'

Too shy to look at him, she snuggled closer and pressed a kiss to his damp skin, her body throbbing.

He didn't answer and when she risked a look at him she saw that his eyes were closed, thick dark lashes brushing his high cheekbones.

Emily bit her lip and snuggled back down beside him, feeling disappointed and more than a little confused. Surely it was customary for the man to say something.

Unless there was nothing to say.

Obviously it had been less than amazing for him, she concluded miserably. She'd disappointed him. So now what happened?


She'd been a virgin.

Zak lay still until he felt her fall asleep and then he gently disengaged himself from her arms, sprang out of bed and reached for his trousers.

Grim-faced and tense, he jerked them on, satisfied himself that she still slept and then pulled aside the flap of the tent and strode out into the darkness, needing fresh air and space to gather his thoughts.

Ignoring the guards on duty, he stared up at the night sky and wondered exactly when he'd become so cynical that he was no longer able to believe in the existence of innocence. At what point of his life had he ceased to trust anything that anyone said to him?

He ran a hand over his face and his body throbbed with tension as he recalled the number of times she'd tried to tell him, and the number of times he'd dismissed her nervousness as merely part of an elaborate act on her part.

Shifting uncomfortably under the unfamiliar weight of guilt, he searched for ways of justifying his behaviour. Was the blame really all his? After all, he would not have expected a virgin to agree to his proposition with the readiness that she had. Which surely just proved that her morals were every bit as dubious as he'd first suspected.

The question of why she was still a virgin troubled him slightly, but he decided grimly that it was obviously because she'd never needed to make the ultimate sacrifice before. It appalled him that she valued herself so lightly.

But then Emily Kingston was obviously willing to do whatever it took to avoid the debt.

First she'd tried to escape and when that hadn't worked she'd tried the usual feminine emotional blackmail—tears and fainting—and when that still left him unmoved she'd turned to the oldest female trick of all. Seduction.

Hadn't she been casting hot looks in his direction since that first day when she'd walked into his palace?

Hadn't this been exactly what she'd wanted all along?

Satisfied that he was absolved of blame, he strode purposefully back into the tent, intending to demand a further conversation with her.

But one glance at the bed stopped him dead.

She was lying across the bed fast asleep, her amazing blonde hair spread wildly across his pillow, her body covered by a silken throw. Her cheeks were flushed and she was smiling slightly in her sleep.

Zak felt something tighten inside him.

She looked incredibly young and innocent, but of course she wasn't any more.

He'd taken that innocence.

Intense sexual desire slammed through him at the memory.

Battling against the urge to wake her so that he could once more experience innocence and teach her all the things she had yet to learn, he decided that he needed a very long, very cold shower before he could even begin to consider conversing with her.

He was about to turn when she opened her eyes and saw him.

Zak tensed but she merely stretched out a hand in invitation and smiled a womanly smile.

'Why are you dressed?' Her voice was husky with sleep. 'Come back to bed.'

He didn't move, held still by indecision, knowing that he should leave but unable to break the connection between them. 'In the circumstances I don't think that's a good idea.'

'What circumstances?' She struggled to sit up, confusion showing on her features. Zak gritted his teeth and reminded himself that Emily Kingston might have been innocent in the physical sense but it ended there.

Psychologically she'd been born with a woman's skill and need to manipulate.

She was still clutching the silk throw, her expression uncertain.

'If this is about the fact that I hadn't done it before—'

His jaw tightened. 'I was surprised.'

She looked at him. 'Well, I can't see why,' she said shyly. 'I told you enough times.'

But he hadn't believed her. When had a woman ever told him the truth before?

Her expression was anxious. 'I did everything wrong, didn't I? That's why you suddenly stalked out of the bed.'

He saw her fingers clutch the sheet and her smile falter and his jaw clenched hard. Consoling himself with the fact that if she wanted to offer herself so freely, then it would be wrong of him to reject her, he strolled up to the bed and sat down next to her.

'I did not stalk,' he said tightly. 'I needed fresh air.'

And a clear head.

She blushed slightly and he tensed as her eyes dropped to his mouth. She kept doing that and every time she did it he just wanted to flatten her beneath him and kiss her until she couldn't speak.

'I was pretty nervous,' she confessed shyly, 'but it was fantastic. Are you cross with me?'

The silk throw slipped and he was treated to a tantalizing glimpse of the shadowy dip between her full breasts.

She was completely and utterly gorgeous and she was lying in his bed, eyes huge and hopeful.

'Definitely not cross,' he assured her, removing his trousers and joining her under the silk throw in a decisive movement.

After all, they'd already done it once—

With a sigh of pleasure she wrapped her arms and legs around him and he brought his mouth down on hers with masculine purpose. His hand locked in her blonde hair, its softness teasing his senses and sending his already rampant libido into overdrive.

Her hands slid down his body, confident this time, and he groaned as he felt her touch him intimately, her fingers stroking him until he thought he'd explode.

With a rough curse he rolled on his back and took her with him, lifting her in an easy movement so that she straddled him.

Her cheeks were flushed and her eyes were hazy with desire and he positioned her carefully, holding back, determined not to hurt her a second time.

But this time she took the initiative, moving boldly until they were joined, her eyes widening as she took him deep inside her.

His gaze held by the look in her wide eyes, Zak tried to remember a time when sex had ever felt like this before. He failed.

It was just because she'd been a virgin, he assured himself, his jaw tightening as he struggled to detach his mind and not respond like an overexcited teenager.

It was because everything she was learning, she was learning from him.

Determined to hang onto his self-control, he closed his eyes and grasped her hips firmly, attempting to slow her movements, but she gave a whimper of protest and moved faster, circling her hips and generating a rhythm that drove them both towards an explosive climax.

She collapsed onto him and he wrapped his arms around her, his grip fierce as he held her close.

As he struggled to regain the control for which he prided himself it occurred to him that things were not going the way he'd planned them.
